**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Owner.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice. The original work is an internal, private repo being used by students, faculty and assistants at Simon Fraser University (SFU) in Burnaby, British Columbia, Canada, as part of a course [1]. The original code was developed by me and other assistants and are not posted anywhere in the public. Students who used the code are not allowed to post it to the public per course policy (which is protected, SFU-only resource so I do not have a link to it).  

[1] http://www.sfu.ca/students/calendar/2019/summer/courses/cmpt/454.html  

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

Entire repo: https://github.com/gchungsy/lock_manager

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

It appears to be no other forks so far.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

Not licensed under an open source license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Delete or make the repository private.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

8888 University Drive, SFU Computing Science, Burnaby, BC, Canada, V5A 1S6

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
