**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am [private] of VeriSign, Inc., based in Reston, Virginia ("Verisign"). See also http://www.verisign.com. Verisign operates critical internet infrastructure with the Domain Name System (DNS), including the authoritative name servers for the .com and .net generic top-level domains registries.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Verisign proprietary and confidential code, constituting Verisign copyrighted work, has been posted to a public page on Github. The page belongs to former Verisign employee, [private], and can be found here: https://github.com/saikilaru/box-java-sdk/blob/master/src/main/java/com/box/sdk/example/TestStandalone.java.

Among other things, the code includes credentials for Verisign's enterprise Box account. The code was taken without authorization in violation of [private]'s post-employment obligations to Verisign and is a violation of law.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

Please remove all of files found here: https://github.com/saikilaru/box-java-sdk/blob/master/src/main/java/com/box/sdk/example/TestStandalone.java including lines 1 - 265.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, we have searched. This is the only instance of this code we have found on Github.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No. They code has not been licensed to any third parties. It was taken without authorization in violation of [private]'s post-employment obligations to Verisign and is constitutes a violation of law.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

We would like the entire file to be removed and deleted.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

The last known information we have for [private] is:

[private]

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
VeriSign, Inc.  
12061 Bluemont Way  
Reston, Virginia 20190  
Tel.: [private]  
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  

