**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

We are a private security company that is contracted to protect our client's brand and takedown fraudulent and infringing content and any other threats. National Stock Exchange India has given us the authorization to act on their behalf in removing the above content across the web. National Stock Exchange India has also reviewed and approved the takedown on the Github pages we are reporting.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The following repository contains codes from the legitimate site of NSE India - nseindia.com

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/JaVa1994/NSE-tools-Winners-and-Losers-Report  
https://github.com/aksstar/nse_data_scraping  

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

No forks found for these URLs, However, these should be removed as it contains references from NSE India

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

Not Applicable

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Remove the reported Repositories

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

Contact information are not available for these users.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Level 30, The Leadenhall Building, 122 Leadenhall Street, EC3V 4AB City of London, UNITED KINGDOM  
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
