**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

We represent Shanghai Hode Information Technology Co. Ltd d/b/a Bilibili, owner of the infringed material.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Our client owns an exclusive copyright in the Hode Bilibili Android software app (Chinese Reg. No. 2014SR074543). The infringing content posted at https://github.com/HubertYoung/AcFun/tree/master/bilibili is decompiled code constituting the Hode Bilibili Android software app.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

All the files at https://github.com/HubertYoung/AcFun/tree/master/bilibili.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

No we have not but we will continue to monitor.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

The copyrighted work is not licensed under an open source license nor are the infringing file being used under an open source license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Remove the infringing content immediately.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No, we do not have the infringer's contact information

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
T: [private]  
E: [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
