Hello dear Github copyright department:  

I am [private]. It is relly nice to use Github ,a professional and efficient platform.  

I have read and understand Github’s Guide to filling a DMCA notice.  

Months ago,I made my repository “DGA-detector” , which contains out team’s latest research on detecting dga domiain , public in order to make it easier to deploy relevant code on a server. However, recently I found another user(Github ID: WuJ1n9,url: https://github.com/Wu-J ), whom I completely don’t know and cannot reach currently. Being not aware of the DMCA policy before ,once I received the notice, I deleted my repository”DGA-detector”, hoping that his fork would disappear.  

Since the DGA-detector this user forked contains our team’s months’ of hard work and results of our experiment from a GPU server that costs  us hundreds of dollars.I genuinely hope that Github could completely remove the following repository immediately  

url: https://github.com/Wu-J/DGA-detector  

The following is my telephonw number and E-mail address:  

Phone: [private]  

E-mail: [private]  

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner,or its agend,or the law.  

I have taken fair use into consideration.  

I swear,under penalty of perjury,that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner,or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner,of an exclusive right that is allegedly infriged.  

Hope for your reponse,and thanks again.  

[private]
