**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

This source code for both of this user's projects was stolen from amigopos.com private cloud servers. Please let us know how to proceed. We would appreciate some guidance or assistance, as we have been advised that it would be an expensive process to identify this user on own own.

Also, note that this user has posted cracks for Codejock, DevExpress and ComponentOne paid controls that are not freeware or open source.

Finally, he/she has published our private Google API keys and now Google has threatened to deactivate our developer account.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Every piece of code in both repositories was stolen from our cloud server. We can provide images of the source code dating back to the application's inception in 2002.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

Every file in both repositories is our source code.
https://github.com/ACEOFE4GLE/PlutusPOS2  
https://github.com/ACEOFE4GLE/Plutus-Point-of-sale  

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, both https://github.com/ACEOFE4GLE/PlutusPOS2  
https://github.com/ACEOFE4GLE/Plutus-Point-of-sale  

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No, it is not open source. It was stolen from us by hacking into our server.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Both repositories should be removed in their entirety.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

We believe that they are [private]. Out legal counsel is investigating.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
