**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

DXC is the direct care taker of this Hewlett Packard Enterprise IT operations activity and I am the authorized [private] for DXC that is making the request to have the information taken down.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The DXC employee was not authorized to make public the DXC managed content. The entire repo needs to be taken down as there are references from DXC on to HPE protected information that should not be exposed.

https://github.com/xuwei33/learngit

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

Entire repo needs to be taken down - https://github.com/xuwei33/learngit

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes there do not seem to be any forks that we can find of the HPE protected information. It appears the DXC employee placed real information that they were not authorized to release into the repo.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

No the entire repo needs to be taken down. Hewlett Packard has raised this to the attention of DXC as no party (DXC or HPE) want this exposed.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No the employee has separated from DXC

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private] and my direct cell phone number is [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
