**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am an [private] who represents the California Health Benefits Exchange dba Covered California, which is the lawful copyright owner.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The infringing work consists of various javascript and other computer codes pertaining to the California Health Eligibility and Enrollment System (CalHEERS), which have been posted to GitHub by samurai008. The infringing work can be found at https://github.com/samurai008/react-consumer

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

Any and all documents and files located at the repository located at https://github.com/samurai008/react-consumer

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

There do not appear to be any GitHub forks of the infringing repository.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

The work which is currently being infringed is not subject to any open source or other software license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Covered California is the lawful copyright owner of any and all works located at the above-referenced repository and the best and only solution for the unauthorized duplication and publication of the infringing work is the removal of any and all such works from the GitHub website.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

We do not currently have the infringer's contact information.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
Covered California  
Privacy Office  
1601 Exposition Blvd.  
Sacramento, CA 95815  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
