**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Raytheon owns the copyright in the source code it developed. Furthermore the source code is a confidential trade secret owned by Raytheon. I am [private], empowered to act on its behalf.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The original source code is subject to copyright protection and was developed by Raytheon engineers. It appears at:  
https://github.com/lnguyen50/SM_Build/blob/4c41a37649e1c08583eccd50844419940f788a2c/rtn_ful_jpals_sm/client/java/src/com/raytheon/jpals/ui/common/service/http/GetShipPlatformConfigCommand.java

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

All the files found at:  
https://github.com/lnguyen50/SM_Build  
should be taken down.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Raytheon IT personnel is currently searching for forks of this repository.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No, this source code is not licensed under an open source license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

GitHub needs to:  
1) Remove the entire folder found at: https://github.com/lnguyen50/SM_Build  
2) Search the GitHub site to remove any copies or replicas of our source code found anywhere on GitHub.  
3) Contact all of those GitHub users who may have interacted or downloaded the source code to demand that they delete it from anywhere that they may have saved it.  
4) Provide Raytheon with the names and email addresses of those who interacted with or downloaded the source code, so that we can contact those users to advise that the source code needs to be deleted or destroyed.  
Please reply to my attention that these actions have taken place.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

We do not have the contact information but the GitHub User Account is: https://github.com/lnguyen50

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
[private]  
Raytheon Company  
[private]  
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
