**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**  

Yes

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  

It is a gameplay hud that displays bank balanace, cash balance and more neat things for our economical based role playing server.  

The resource, which we call "adrp_ui" is developed for a Grand Theft Auto V modifaction called FiveM. It was developed by [private] for ADRP (American Dream Roleplay). This resource was never shared to the public.  

On our role playing server about 2 years ago now, we banned a person for breaking server rules. He threatened that he would steal our assets and upload them online if we didn't unban him, which he did. Usally you cannot browse trough server resources on your FiveM client, but there's been a tool that decrypts entire server resources, which people mainly use to steal others' code.  

The modder who stole our resource then proceeded to name it "esx_customui". We successfully DMCAed all those GitHub repos some months ago, but now some new person has uploaded our stolen work again and named it "esx_newui" instead.  

He claims in his README.md that he has "rewrited the code using images as example" which is not true at all. Most files are exact copies from the "esx_customui" repos.  

This is YET another takedown request, we found since people are sharing the link to this repo. [The exact same code on many other repos had a successful DMCA](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/2019/04/2019-04-18-fivem-ui.md)  

 Screenshots of the original work  

[private] 

[private]

 **What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**  

- https://github.com/Enz0Z/esx_newui (entire repo)  

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  

Here's a list of forks  

- https://github.com/Dappae/esx_newui  

- https://github.com/federal500/esx_newui  

- https://github.com/JHyeok/esx_newui_korean  

- https://github.com/LuongPhuHoa/esx_newui  

- https://github.com/wowpanda/esx_newui  

- https://github.com/XvenDeR/esx_newui  

- https://github.com/chandanroksjsr/esx_newui  

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  

The work licensed is licensed to ADRP and is NOT licensed under a open source license.  

When the modder who stole our assets uploaded the project to github HE added a GPLv3 license to it. We never licensed our resource/project to GPLv3 or any other open source license.  

The license found in the `README.md` is invalid as it isn't something we added, the modder added it himself.  

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**  

Remove all repos since the project was stolen  

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**  

I do not have this persons contact information but I know a guy who knows a guy who knows a guy who knows this persons contact information. I warn you if you really want this persons contact info that it will be a unreliable source.  

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.**  

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.  

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  

Confirmed  

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  

Email: [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  

[private]
