In response to the DMCA Takedown notice below, GitHub determined that the reported content was made as a personal project in connection with an educational exercise. A disclaimer to that effect was added to the repository.

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Hi GitHub Team,

My name is [private] from iZOOlogic Limited, a private security company and an authorized representative of Meesho.

Upon debugging and investigating the repository code, the unauthorized developer of the repository tries to copy the mobile app of our client Meesho.

As you can see on the front-end code of the repository he/she is intended to impersonate Meesho and will deploy a fake app in the future to cause fraudulent activity.

We are contacting you today for the urgent removal of this repository so that the developer will not be able to create a fake website in the future to target our client.

Reported URL to be removed: https://github.com/namanj54/meesho_clone

Our client confirms that this GitHub repository is not authorized to copy any code owned by our client.

The original work of Meesho can be found at: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.meesho.supply&hl=en_IN

As the platform provider of this repository, we are asking for your assistance to remove the repository to prevent further abuse from our client.

We are looking forward to your immediate response.

Wishing you the best.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The original work of Meesho can be found at: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.meesho.supply&hl=en_IN

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

We are claiming copyright for the entire repository below and not just specific content.

URL: https://github.com/namanj54/meesho_clone

Our client confirms that this GitHub repository is not authorized to copy any code owned by our client.

The original work of Meesho can be found at: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.meesho.supply&hl=en_IN

As the platform provider of this repository, we are asking for your assistance to remove the repository to prevent further abuse from our client.

We are looking forward to your immediate response.

Wishing you the best.

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

None

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No the developer has no contact information. Therefore, this developer is anonymous or a threat actor targeting our client.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Address: [private]  
[private]  
[private]  
Email: [private]  
Phone [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
