**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**


(ISC)² [private]

Aug 3, 2023, 6:31 PM UTC

To Whom It May Concern,

I am writing on behalf of International Information System Security Certification Consortium, Inc. (hereafter (ISC)²). (ISC)² is a nonprofit information security certification and training organization. (ISC)² is also the copyright owner of material being infringed on your website at:

https://github.com/sphinxs329/CISSP-khwajaimran

As part of its products and services, (ISC)² creates and administers certification examinations, including the CISSP, CGRC, CCSP, CSSLP, HCISPP, CC, and SSCP Exams®. Upon investigation, it has come to (ISC)²’s attention that your website is hosting content which is (ISC)² copyrighted property. The questions in your materials at the identified URL(s) were created and developed by (ISC)² and are not authorized to be distributed. (ISC)² expends a great deal of time and monetary resources developing such content and we work hopelessly to maintain the integrity of our examinations. I request that you immediately remove the specified material and other relevant postings of other (ISC)² examinations and cease from posting additional infringing material in the future.

This letter is official notification to remove the above-reported infringement. I have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of here is not authorized by (ISC)² or the law. The information provided here is accurate to the best of my knowledge. I swear under penalty of perjury that (ISC)² is the copyright holder.

Please respond back to this message within one (1) week confirming the above actions have been taken.  Failure to perform these actions will force (ISC)² to use any legal remedies available to it.  Thank you for your attention to this matter. 

(ISC)2 [private]

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

To Whom It May Concern,

I am writing on behalf of International Information System Security Certification Consortium, Inc. (hereafter (ISC)²). (ISC)² is a nonprofit information security certification and training organization. (ISC)² is also the copyright owner of material being infringed on your website at:

https://github.com/sphinxs329/CISSP-khwajaimran

As part of its products and services, (ISC)² creates and administers certification examinations, including the CISSP, CGRC, CCSP, CSSLP, HCISPP, CC, and SSCP Exams®. Upon investigation, it has come to (ISC)²’s attention that your website is hosting content which is (ISC)² copyrighted property. The questions in your materials at the identified URL(s) were created and developed by (ISC)² and are not authorized to be distributed. (ISC)² expends a great deal of time and monetary resources developing such content and we work hopelessly to maintain the integrity of our examinations. I request that you immediately remove the specified material and other relevant postings of other (ISC)² examinations and cease from posting additional infringing material in the future.

This letter is official notification to remove the above-reported infringement. I have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of here is not authorized by (ISC)² or the law. The information provided here is accurate to the best of my knowledge. I swear under penalty of perjury that (ISC)² is the copyright holder.

Please respond back to this message within one (1) week confirming the above actions have been taken.  Failure to perform these actions will force (ISC)² to use any legal remedies available to it.  Thank you for your attention to this matter. 

(ISC)2 [private]

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/sphinxs329/CISSP-khwajaimran

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

https://github.com/sphinxs329/CISSP-khwajaimran

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private], [private], [private], [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
