Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).
- offered to connect the owners of the affected repositories with [legal resources](https://github.blog/2020-11-16-standing-up-for-developers-youtube-dl-is-back/#developer-defense-fund) as part of our commitment to standing up for developers.

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am an attorney representing Nexon US Holding Inc., which is acting on behalf of Nexon Co. Ltd and Nexon Korea Corporation in this matter (collectively "Nexon ").

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Nexon is a worldwide leader in free-to-play games. Nexon currently services more than 60 online games in more than 100 countries and since its founding, Nexon has generated more than 1.3 billion player registrations.

Nexon's games are available through Nexon's Launcher, which is available at https://www.nexon.com/main/en/download/launcher.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The following repositories should be removed.

https://github.com/davidjoseph9/py-process-patch  
https://github.com/easy-forks/py-process-patch

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

The NexonGameSecurity platform was developed by Nexon to control access to copyrighted content in Nexon's games.  

The NexonGameSecurity platform controls copyrighted assets within Nexon's games and controls various functions related to Nexon's in-game currency, which is also used to obtain copyrighted assets within Nexon's games. By disabling the NexonGameSecurity platform, cheaters are free to access Nexon's copyrighted content without authorization. For example, they can manipulate their character’s stats and automate game playing to farm in-game currency, or editing game packets to exploit game server logic to duplicate copyrighted items.

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

The infringing program uses a sophisticated approach involving several steps aimed at disabling NexonGameSecurity, including:  
1. Creating a copy of the original game client's memory code section and passes the address of the copied code to the CRC verification function to verify it so that it can always pass the CRC verification even if the game client memory code has been manipulated. This is explained in the README.md file in connection with the "Maple CRC bypass."

2. Disabling NexonAnalytics log sending by patching the return value of the [private] function to 0, so that cheaters can use a debugger on the game client. This functionality is also described in the README.md file.

3. Manipulating the MachineID by hooking the [private] function and generating another value. Again, this functionality is described in the README.md file.

Screen captures showing the specific memory addresses and Opcodes involved are available and can be sent via email.

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes. A fork is listed above.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

Nexon does not have the alleged infringer's contact information.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
PCFB, LLC  
[private]  
Phone: [private]  
[private] | pcfblaw.com

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
