While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

KYC3 sarl is a software provider of KYC solutions for financial professionals. The source code is private and proprietary. I am the [private] of KYC3 sarl.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Our code is not open source. The code is the proprietary work of several years of effort in our private [private] instance.  
https://www.kyc3.com/ is our company website.  
Examples of running product are our DEMO system https://peermountain.kycbox.io/ and our TEST system https://loadtest.kyc3box.io/dashboard  
We can provide Github with access to our private [private] repo to verify that this is our code upon request.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/pedro-tavares/javalabs-kyc-backend  
This repo is a complete and exact copy of our private kyc backend ERMS repository.

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

Private [private] with access control with 2FA. Individual working on the code sign NDAs. This person was briefly employed and had access to our repo and created a local clone. He was let go as the result of unprofessional behavior resulting in a dispute filed with [private] (the agency he works through) and the [private] team made the determination that his hours had been fraudulent. He then threatened to "open source" the code if he wasn't paid the disputed hours. He signed an NDA and sent several threatening messages, all of which are available for Github to review upon request.

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

The code is not open source. This individual has posted the code as part of an extortionate threat for money.  
Message log extract:  
[private]

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

To our knowledge the code has not yet been forked.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

[private]  
[private] ID card [private]  
[private]  
[private]  

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Please call [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
