**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am [private], and I am authorized to act on behalf of LiNKX, Inc.

In accordance with the DMCA, we affirm that the information provided in this notice is accurate and that we are a copyright owner or authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.

The material infringed upon is strictly confidential and proprietary source code and digital assets.

We appreciate your immediate attention to this matter and the protection of our intellectual property rights.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The original copyrighted work is source code and digital assets for a project currently under development.  
This material is strictly confidential and should not be made available publicly.

We have not authorized the use or distribution of the material by the infringer (@odakdev).

The infringer (@odakdev) was hired as a [private] to work on this project as a [private] and was using a different GitHub account ([private]).

The infringer has maliciously and intentionally made this material public using a different account (@odakdev) and has notified us about his intent and action to divulge the material publicly.

The information contained in this proprietary material is strictly confidential, there is no public URL for it, and its public accessibility and dissemination may pose serious risks to our business and competitive interests.

We request that you immediately take down and delete the infringing material in order to prevent further harm:
- Take down the infringing material (repositories)  
- Take reasonable steps to prevent the infringer from uploading the material or similar material again in the future.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The following repositories should be completely taken down:  
https://github.com/odakdev/daiich-sankyo-frontend  
https://github.com/odakdev/daiichi-sankyo

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

Email 1: [private]  
Email 2: [private]

GitHub username 1: @odakdev  
GitHub username 2: [private]

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Mobile: [private]  
Email: [private]  
Address: [private], [private], [private], [private], [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
