One or more repositories in this DMCA takedown notice has been processed in accordance with GitHub’s prohibition on sharing unauthorized product licensing keys, software for generating unauthorized product licensing keys, and/or software for bypassing checks for product licensing keys.
You can learn more in [GitHub’s Acceptable Use Policies](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/github-acceptable-use-policies).

---

While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.
I am both the [private] and [private] of NoX Software LLC. The content is a cracked and modified version of my paid product being hosted on GitHub for download.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Original website: https://karma.rip/  
Github URL: https://github.com/B4mb0u/karmashit

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The entire repo.

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

You must create an account and purchase the product. The product its self has built in authentication. The repo contains steps to circumvent this authentication.

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

It tells the user to add the karma.rip domain to the hosts file and contains a exe that recreates the authentication server.

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

There are no forks atm.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private] but I'd prefer email ([private]) as this is my business phone number which doesnt normally get used due to the nature of my business, and I dont trust that this phone number wont get back to the repo owner so I cannot provide my personal one out of fear of being doxed.

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
