In response to the DMCA Takedown notice below, GitHub determined that the reported content was made as a personal project in connection with an educational exercise. A disclaimer to that effect was added to the repository.

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Greetings,  
I am [private] from iZOOlogic Ltd., a private security company in the [private]. I am an authorized representative of Nykaa.
We provide security services to our clients including Nykaa. This repository is not authorized to use Nykaa's copyrighted work.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The copyrighted work of the Nykaa website can be found at: https://www.nykaa.com

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

Nykaa has not authorized any third parties to use and abuse this code as it can be used by their competitor to create competing material or malicious fraud actors to social engineering activities targeting Nykaa. Their use of the copyrighted work in this unauthorized manner is infringing and should be removed/ taken down immediately.

URL to remove: https://github.com/RakeshAhire/expensive-afterthought-589  
Deployed site: [private]  
Note: The deployed website has been removed due to copyright violation and we are requesting your assistance to remove this repository to prevent further abuse and damage to our client.

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

None

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

Developer contact email: [private]  

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Address: [private]  
[private]  
[private]  
Email: [private]  
Phone [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
