In response to the DMCA Takedown notice below, GitHub determined that the reported content was made as a personal project in connection with an educational exercise. A disclaimer to that effect was added to the repository.

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

Yes

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

We are iZOOlogic Limited, a private cyber security company authorize to represent our client - Nykaa.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The original website content and assets can be found at https://www.nykaa.com/

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

We are claiming copyright for the entire repository URL below and not just specific content as this has been found to be a copy of Nykaa's official website.

URL: https://github.com/Shristhi0331/Nykaa

Nykaa has not authorized any third parties to use and abuse the website code as the Nykaa website code can be used by their competitors to create a competing site or malicious fraud actors to engineer a phishing site targeting Nykaa. Their use of the copyrighted work in this unauthorized manner is infringing and should be removed/taken down immediately.

Please note we are claiming copyright to the entire repository as we have checked and found each file is a copy of the Nykaa website's assets and individual pages and full order and cart functionality found on Nykaa's website which are copyrighted content Nykaa owns.

 

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

N/A

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

N/A

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
