Dear Github,

Please accept this DMCA notice of infringement and takedown request filed by Amazon.com and its affiliates (collectively "Amazon") and takedown the links referenced below. I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice and this request fulfills the requirements outlined therein.

The data at each of the following links belongs to Amazon and Amazon has not given its authorization for the data to be posted on your site:

https://github.com/sprmnmike17/PowerShell-Quarantine/blob/master/Quarantine_2.0.ps1  
https://github.com/sprmnmike17/PowerShell-PC-Cleanup/blob/master/PC_Cleanup.ps1  
https://github.com/sprmnmike17/Web_Support-Portal/blob/master/index.html

The links contain source code which belongs to Amazon and is used for Amazon IT Support issues. The source code in these links contains file path information used for internal programmatic processes and directory structures to manage Amazon computer hosts. Amazon owns and administers the copyright interests in the data and is the legal and beneficial owner of the exclusive rights to reproduce, distribute, and publicly display electronic versions of the data. Amazon did not give its authorization for the data to be posted on your web site. The posting of each referenced link is an infringement of Amazon's copyright interests in the data and a violation of federal copyright laws.

Amazon does not know the contact information for the posters of the alleged content and is not able to obtain that information.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration. I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

[private]  
Amazon.com, 2021 7th Ave, Seattle, WA 98121  
[private]
