**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**

Yes.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Scribd, Inc. (www.scribd.com) is an online service that hosts copyrighted material such as documents, books, and audiobooks, that are available to view or listen to on a subscription basis. Scribd uses digital rights management ("DRM") technology to prevent users from downloading or saving copies of this copyrighted material. This takedown request concerns a script hosted on GitHub that allows a user to circumvent Scribd's DRM technology to make a copy of and download copyrighted material from the Scribd website in violation of 17 U.S.C. 1201.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**

https://github.com/ritiek/scribd-downloader

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

No.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The page must be taken down. It is a method for circumventing Scribd's copyright protection system, and therefore violates 17 U.S.C. 1201.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**

The poster of this circumvention tool is identified on GitHub as "[private]." See https://github.com/ritiek.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

Yes, I have read GitHub's Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice, and I am submitting this takedown notice pursuant to the instructions on that webpage, under the title "Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology."

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

Scribd, Inc.   
333 Bush St. Suite 2400   
San Francisco, CA 94104   
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[private]
