February 21, 2019  
Dear Recipient,  
Copyright Information and Anti-Piracy Centre (CIAPC) represents copyright holders in the field of literature, music and
audiovisual industries in infringement cases in Finland. This case we are acting on behalf of our member Sanoma
Corporation (https://sanoma.com/).  
It has been brought to our attention that a copyright protected content of Sanoma Corporation is made available
without its permission through your website. This is an infringement of the copyright holder’s rights. Sanoma
Corporation has not given a permission to use the content.  
On behalf of the copyright holder, we kindly ask you to remove (or block access to) the book “Biologi Campus 1“
published by Sanoma Corporation on your page:  

http://greek100.umd.edu/docs/biologi-campus-1.pdf  
Further, we ask you to take reasonable steps to prevent further instances of making available, distributing and/or
referring/linking users to infringing copies of the above-mentioned book on your website.  
Please note that we or the right holder asking for removal are not responsible for detecting infringing material and
notifying you of it.  
This takedown notice is meant to facilitate your removal of the infringing material stated above. Also, this notice does
not constitute a waiver of any right to recover damages incurred by virtue of any unauthorised activities described in
this notice.  
I state under penalty of perjury that:  
• I am an agent authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed  
• I have a good faith belief that the use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the
copyright owner, its agent, or law  
• Information in the notification is accurate  
Please send me a confirmation, when you have removed the above-mentioned book from your service. You can also
contact me for further information, if needed.  
With kind regards,  
[private]  
[private]   
Copyright Information and Anti-Piracy Centre  
Pieni Roobertinkatu 16 A  
FI-00120 Helsinki  
https://ttvk.fi/  
Tel: [private]
