
Dear GitHub Copyright Agent:

I, the undersigned, state UNDER PENALTY OF PERJURY that:

1) I have read and understand GitHub's "Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice" posted at https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/ as of February 15, 2019.

2) Identify the copyrighted work you believe has been infringed;  
The material posted at the below websites includes direct or literal copies of confidential and proprietary internal email communications which belong to Qualcomm Incorporated and/or its subsidiary Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. (collectively "Qualcomm"). Many of the files are recognizable as belonging to Qualcomm based on the Qualcomm email addresses contained within them Qualcomm Incorporated and/or its subsidiary Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. own all copyrights for these internal email communications..

3) Identify the material that you allege is infringing the copyrighted work listed in item #2, above;  
https://github.com/zhuminfeng/AutoDispatcher/tree/master/dataset

4) Explain what the affected user would need to do in order to remedy the infringement.

In order to remedy the infringement, the affected user must remove all copies of the infringing materials posted publicly by him/her, and delete any and all unauthorized (i.e., not licensed or otherwise authorized by Qualcomm) copies of the infringing materials from his/her possession, custody, or control.

5) Provide your contact information. Include your email address, name, telephone number and physical address.

Name of Injured Party : Qualcomm Incorporated and Qualcomm Technologies, Inc.  
Name and Title: [private]  
Company: Qualcomm Incorporated  
Address: 5775 Morehouse Dr.  
City, State, and Zip: San Diego, CA 92121  
Email address: [private]  
Telephone: [private]

6) Provide contact information, if you know it, for the alleged infringer.  
I have no information regarding the identity of the alleged infringers beyond their Github account names.

7) I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

8) I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Truthfully,

[private]  
Qualcomm Incorporated  
5775 Morehouse Drive  
San Diego, California 92121-1714  
[private]  
[private] fax
