February 5, 2019

*VIA E MAIL ATTACHMENT*

GitHub, Inc.

Attn: DMCA Agent

88 Colin P. Kelly Jr. Street

San Francisco, CA 94107

RE: DMCA TAKEDOWN NOTICE

To Whom It May Concern:

This law firm represents [private], Diary Of A Made Man LLC (including
affiliates and subsidiaries), and [private] various global business
interests (collectively, "DMM"). Furthermore, this law firm oversees and
directs the activities of those law firms retained by DMM with respect to
DMM's global business interests.

A website that your company hosts (according to WHOIS information) is
infringing on at least one copyright owned by DMM. *I have read and
understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.*

A photograph of [private] was copied onto your servers without permission.
The exclusive copyrights to the original photograph are owned by DMM.

The unauthorized and infringing copy of the photograph can be found at:

https://github.com/ico-check/ico-check/issues/143

This letter is official notification under *Section 512(c)* of the Digital
Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"), and this law firm seeks the removal of
the aforementioned infringing material from your servers. This law firm
requests that you immediately notify the infringer of this notice and
inform them of their duty to remove the infringing material immediately and
notify them to cease any further posting of infringing material to your
server in the future.

Please also be advised that law requires you, as a service provider, to
remove or disable access to the infringing materials upon receiving this
notice. Under U.S. law a service provider, such as yourself, enjoys
immunity from a copyright lawsuit provided that you act with deliberate
speed to investigate and rectify ongoing copyright infringement. If service
providers do not investigate and remove or disable the infringing material
this immunity is lost. Therefore, in order for you to remain immune from a
copyright infringement action you will need to investigate and ultimately
remove or otherwise disable the infringing material from your servers with
all due speed should the direct infringer, your client, not comply
immediately.

This law firm is providing this notice in good faith and with the
reasonable belief that the rights DMM owns are being infringed. Under
penalty of perjury I certify that the information contained in the
notification is both true and accurate, and I have the authority to act on
behalf of the owner of the copyright(s) involved.

Should you wish to discuss this with me please contact me directly. I look
forward to your prompt reply.

Very truly yours,

[private]

--   
[private]  
Attorney at Law  
Voice: [private]  
Google Voice: [private]  
Skype ID: [private]  
Fax: [private]
