**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**   
I am acting on behalf of Cisco Systems Inc. who is the copyright owner

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**   
We were informed last week by an external party that code related to an external portal developed for Cisco in 2017 by a company called Ventive was accessible on public github. The portal is used by our customer base to manage trouble tickets and download software. The exposed repositories contained the source code for the portal and a number of embedded accounts and credentials. All the credential have been invalid for over a year if not longer. It looks like employees from the 3rd party company we hired cloned the source code out of the private git repo we shared into a few public ones. This was not done with our consent.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**   
3 Repositories   
[already removed by user]  
https://github.com/sathish-ifline/iflinedevelopment   
https://github.com/kamalsgit/ifline-xchange  

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**   
Not OpenSource

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**   
Please remove these entire repositories and all files contained within.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**   
No I do not. This was reported indirectly to me.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**   
"I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**   
"I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**   
I have read this article.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**   
[private] Desk phone

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**    
[private]   
Information Security Investigator    
Cisco Data Protection Incident Response
