Hi to who(m) it may concern,

I have been in contact with [private] from support and have also filed this with him.


1.  "I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice."

2.  If you are alleging that the hosted content is a direct, literal copy of your work, you can also just explain that fact.    
Answer:  Our content is currently hosted at https://saffron.vc as we are going to be rolling out our public beta soon.  The hosted content on the following repositories is a direct, literal copy of our work.  CollaborationPlatform-Backend and CollaborationPlatform-Frontend are both copies of repositories we have in our private account.    
https://github.com/seniordev2012/CollaborationPlatform-Backend
https://github.com/seniordev2012/CollaborationPlatform-Frontend

3.  Identify the material that you allege is infringing the copyrighted work listed in item #2, above.  
https://github.com/seniordev2012/CollaborationPlatform-Backend  
https://github.com/seniordev2012/CollaborationPlatform-Frontend

4.  Explain what the affected user would need to do in order to remedy the infringement.  
Answer: The user needs to delete the entire repositories which are direct copies of our entire code architecture.  This is the third time now that he is posting copyright infringing material on GitHub.  Now he is doing it under another username, this needs to be stopped.  He exposes our credentials as well as our intellectual property.  So he is infringing on copyright as well as posing a huge security risk.  

5.  Email: [private]  
Name: [private]  
Telephone number: [private]  
Address: [private]

6.  Infringer Github Username: seniordev2012

7.  "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."

8.  "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."

9.    
[private]

Please try to expedite this request as soon as possible, our private codebase is publicly exposed and copyright material has been infringed upon, which could be detrimental to our company.  

Thank you for your help.  

-- 
Best Regards,



[private]

[private], Saffron



Telephone:

[private]
