Hello Dear Github：  
It's nice to be able to use github such a professional and efficient platform, and now we have a need to be very hopefully able to get Github's support and resolution.  
I have read and understand Github's Guide to Filling a DMCA Notice.  
Previously, because I didn't pay attention to the company's information security, I mistakenly uploaded all the company's projects to github and made it public. Now I was discovered by the company and attracted the attention of the company's leaders. I was asked to delete all the open code bases. I immediately deleted the company name. The organization was created, but because ranran1997 forked the warehouse, and has tried to contact him many times, but has not received a reply, so I need github to help me delete!  
The following is Github's URL and Screenshots about our forked Repository：  
https://github.com/ranran1997/smart-city-alipay

Since development-policy is a government project of cooperation with the company, and the Chinese government pays special attention to similar information security, the html code in the project cannot be made public. I hope github can help me delete the repo. Since ranran1997 fork the repo, I have not made any changes, so I really hope that github can help me!
The following is our coontact information:

company Name: Shenzhen longrise Technology Co., Ltd.

My email Address: [private]

Cellphone: [private]

Company Address: Financial Port of Jiangxia District, Wuhan City, Hubei Province, China

Website: http://www.longrise.com.cn/LONGRISE/longrise_home  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or it's agent, or the law.I have taken fair use into consideration.  
And "Also include the following statement:" I swear,under penalty of perjury,that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed

Hoping for your response and thanks again!

[private]  
2019-01-25
