*Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s
behalf?*

Yes.  
That was my project.

*Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work
that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it
is posted online.*  
This was a proxy service. https://twitter.com/logoxnet

*What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if
the entire repository, the repository’s URL:*  
I want them all removed.  
https://github.com/tienpp/logoxnet

*Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or
repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified
separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.*

I researched. The files are all mine.

*Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open
source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the
open source license, or are they in violation of the license?*

Open source is not licensed.

*What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there
specific changes the other person can make other than removal?*

I tried to reach him. It hasn't been online for a long time. There are no
changes.

*Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please
provide it:*  
No.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described
above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner,
or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

Yes I have read.  
https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed

[private]
