Note: Because the reported network that contained the allegedly infringing content was larger than one hundred (100) repositories, the submitter alleged that all or most of the forks were infringing to the same extent as the parent repository, and the network was actively being forked when this DMCA notice was received, GitHub processed the takedown notice against the entire network of 434 repositories, inclusive of the parent repository. 

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

Yes

**Please provide the Zendesk ticket number of your previously submitted notice. Zendesk ticket numbers are 7 digit ID numbers located in the subject line or body of your confirmation email.**

1185129

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am [private] of Axosoft and we own, build, and distribute the product GitKraken.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

GitKraken is a proprietary product that Axosoft builds and distributes, details of the product can be found here: https://www.gitkraken.com

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

This repository is providing a crack that bypasses our licensing:

https://github.com/5cr1pt/GitCracken/

As well as all related forks of the repository.

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

We provide a license to each individual or company that purchases the GitKraken product. This license is encrypted on our servers and the client decrypts it at the time the individual uses the product.

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

This project provides a patch for our GitKraken product, which is an Electron-based application, which replaces the library we use to decrypt our license with a version that bypasses the decryption mechanism and allows anyone to use our product without a license.

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

[private] there looks to be 420 forks of this project (see https://github.com/5cr1pt/GitCracken/network/members) Based on the representative number of forks I have reviewed, I believe that all or most of the forks are infringing to the same extent as the parent repository.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Other Change

**Describe the change.**

Delete the main repository and all of it's connected forks.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
