**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Equifax Inc. has created content that is stored on certain private servers related to Equifax. I am outside counsel for Equifax.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The copyrighted works in question include software that is stored on internal servers and is not externally visible on any Equifax website.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The repository is here: https://github.com/Domingo58/MS

Details on the copyrighted material (and PII, which is also included in the files) is below:

[private]:

-> file contains PII data at lines: 207, 293, 296, 373, 377

-> file contains copyright notice at line 1139

[private]l

-> file contains PII data at lines 207, 293, 296, 373, 377

-> file contains copyright notice at line 1139

[private]

-> file contains PII data at lines 207, 314, 318, 362, 364

-> file contains copyright notice at line 1060

[private]

-> file contains PII data at lines 207, 254,256

-> file contains copyright notice at line 960

[private]

-> file contains PII data at lines 207, 310, 315, 358, 360

-> file contains copyright notice at line 1056

[private]

-> file contains PII data at lines 207, 297, 300, 349, 351

-> file contains copyright notice at line 1063

[private]

-> file contains PII data at lines 207, 295, 297, 347, 349, 379, 383, 427, 429

-> file contains copyright notice at line 1125

[private]

-> file contains PII data at lines 205, 295, 298, 379, 383, 454, 458, 529, 533, 604, 609

-> file contains copyright notice at line 1351

The following folders contains images, css files & javascript files that are referenced from the HTML pages above and therefore should also apply the copyright notice:

[private]

[private]

[private]

[private]

[private]

[private]

[private]

[private]

Given that the above list includes almost the entire repository, in our view, the entire repository contents is infringing and ought to be removed.

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

I have tried in good faith to obtain contact information for the user of this repository "Domingo58" but have been unsuccessful.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

I do not.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

Kilpatrick Townsend & Stockton LLP

[private] | [private] | [private]

office [private] | fax [private]

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
