Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am an employee of Electronic Arts Inc. ("EA") authorized to act on behalf of EA in claims of copyright infringement. EA is a developer and publisher of video games, including such titles as EA SPORTS FIFA 21, Battlefield, EA SPORTS Madden NFL 21, and The Sims 4. To advertise its products and services, EA operates a website at https://www.ea.com/ea-play/ (the "EA Site"). EA owns copyrights in the HTML source code and images displayed at the EA Site.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The copyrighted work infringed by the reported site is the HTML source code and images displayed at the EA Site. The reported site's underlying HTML source and visual rendering in a web browser is an unauthorized copy of the EA Site. In fact, the reported site's browser tab title reports the site as being "ea.com".

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://shadman96.github.io/test-4/

The entire site, including HTML source, is an unauthorized copy of our own website. The entire site should be taken down.

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

No. The reported site is hosted by what we understand to be GitHub Pages or a similar GitHub hosting solution. It is not hosted in a traditional repository that we know of. We are reporting it here because I was unable to quickly find a DMCA claims process specific to GitHub Pages or other web hosting.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

[private]

Electronic Arts Inc.

[private]

[private], [private]

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
