Dear Designated DMCA Agent,

 

I, the undersigned, state UNDER PENALTY OF PERJURY that:

 

[1]        I am a person injured, or an agent authorized to act on behalf of a person injured by a violation of the U.S. Copyright laws, specifically section 501 of Title 17 of the United States Code, commonly referred to as the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA).

 

[2]        I May Be Contacted At:

 

Name of Injured Party:

APPLE INC.

Name and Title:

[private]

Company:

KILPATRICK TOWNSEND & STOCKTON LLP

Address:

[private]

City, State, and Zip:

[private]

Email Address:

[private]

Telephone:

[private]

Fax:

[private]

 

[3]        The copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed is version 2.3 of Apple’s TIME software application, which is distributed as a .ipa file bundle.

 

[4]        I have a good faith belief that the content below is unlawful under these laws because, among other things, it reproduces Apple’s copyrighted software without authorization and in violation of Apple’s exclusive rights under, for example, 17 U.S.C. § 106(1).

 

[5]        Reason:

Content Type:            Software

Violation(s):               Copyright Infringement

 

[6]        The entire repository infringes Apple’s rights, and there is no non-infringing content therein. Accordingly, please act expeditiously to remove the repository found at the following URL:

 

https://github.com/Metric-Projects/TroubleshootPlanGenius

However, we have considered fair use, and there are no fair use defenses here. 
 

There are currently no forks of this repository.
 

[7]        I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and

 

[8]        I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

 

Thank you for your kind assistance.

 

Truthfully,

 

[private]
