**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am [private] of SMNWAY Organization and one of our project was published by someone without our permissions who I was introduced with him from [private] and the project was private and he cloned and published as public. I want you to remove that repo from his account.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Hi, my username is [private] and my organization's name is SmnWay in Github. One of my repository which name is [private] and it is private repository since first commit. Therefore, I will attach the screenshots of our private repo  and so you can compare the both repo and can conclude  clearly. On that project we encountered some issues about functionality so needed to fix it. So I met some developers from [private] and added them to my repository to see and check their code as to why this issue might occur. But one of them on Github with username vladislavk3 said I can fix the problem but after adding it to the repo, he couldn't fix it. Also I was encountered that he just published our repo in his own Github address without our permissions. So, I want you to remove entire that repo from his account. The repo’s link which was published without our permissions is that https://github.com/vladislavk3/nestjs-redis-swagger_microservices

I will also share screenshots for the original copyrighted work in  below because the repo is private. Also  it is our repo's link is that [private]



Note: I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.



**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

entire repository should be take down... Because the vladislavk3 user is using my own repo without my permissions...

The url is that : https://github.com/vladislavk3/nestjs-redis-swagger_microservices

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

entire repository

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

I was talked with him through [private] for fixing the issue of our project.I was not figure out he will take the codes and share as own repo...

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

My phone number is: [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]

