While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Hi,

I am [private] of the website econdb.com (my name is [private])

I recurrently hire freelancers on [private] to make contributions to the frontend repository, for which they get remunerated.

I shared access to this user winner108. After noticing the user was unable to contribute, the access got revoked. However, the user went on an published the repository, publicly, in his github account, without ever writing a line of his own.

https://github.com/winner108/econdb_front

This repo is a copy of the private repo [private]

This repository is the intellectual property of econdb.com, and reproduction is not permitted.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

[private]

Which contains javascript for the website econdb.com

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/winner108/econdb_front

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

[private] is a private repository and the access is restricted to people who are paid to collaborate in it. Once the access is revoked, the source code should not be republished elsewhere.

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

The user winner108 was never allowed to republished that source code, even if he was temporarily granted access.

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

There appear to be no forks of this repository.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

I only have his [private] profile.

[private]

Where he claims to master a number of technologies, among others javascript, but it turns out his claimed skills were lacking.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
