Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub  
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).  
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).  
  
To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).  
  
---  
  
**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf? If you are submitting this notice on behalf of a company, please be sure to use an email address on the company's domain. If you use a personal email address for a notice submitted on behalf of a company, we may not be able to process it.**  
  
Yes, I am the copyright holder.  
  
**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**  
  
No  
  
**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**  
  
GitHub  
  
**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**  
  
I am the [private] and copyright holder of the repository located at https://github.com/ayn2op/discordo.  
  
The project was created and published by [private] and is licensed under the GNU General Public License v3 (GPL v3). As the copyright holder, [private] retain ownership of the code while licensing it under GPL v3 terms.  
  
**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed.**  
  
The copyrighted work is a software project named "discordo", a terminal-based client application, originally authored and published by [private].  
  
The repository includes source code, structure, and implementation details that are protected by copyright and distributed under the GNU General Public License v3.  
  
**If the original work referenced above is available online, please provide a URL.**  
  
https://github.com/ayn2op/discordo  
  
**We ask that a DMCA takedown notice list every specific file in the repository that is infringing, unless the entire contents of the repository are infringing on your copyright. Please clearly state that the entire repository is infringing, OR provide the specific files within the repository you would like removed.**  
  
**Based on the above, I confirm that:**  
  
The entire repository is infringing  
  
**Identify the full repository URL that is infringing:**  
  
https://github.com/m96-chan/Slacko  
  
**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**  
  
No  
  
**If you are reporting an allegedly infringing fork, please note that each fork is a distinct repository and <i>must be identified separately</i>. Please read more about <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">forks.</a> As forks may often contain different material than in the parent repository, if you believe any of the repositories or files in the forks are infringing, please list each fork URL below:**  
  
**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**  
  
Yes  
  
**Which license?**  
  
gnu-general-public-license-v3.0  
  
**How do you believe the license is being violated?**  
  
The repository removes [private] original copyright notice from the license file and replaces it with the infringer’s own name.  
  
The GNU General Public License v3 requires that all existing copyright notices and license terms be preserved. Removing or altering these notices violates Section 4 of the GPL v3.  
  
As a result, the repository is distributing [private] copyrighted code without complying with the terms of the license, which terminates their permission to use and distribute the work.  
  
**What changes can be made to bring the project into compliance with the license? For example, adding attribution, adding a license, making the repository private.**  
  
To comply with the GNU General Public License v3, the repository must:  
  
* Restore [private] original copyright notice in the license/README file  
* Retain the full and unmodified GPL v3 license text  
* Clearly indicate any modifications made to the original work  
* Ensure all redistributed copies preserve the original legal notices  
  
If these changes are made, the repository would be in compliance with the license.  
  
**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**  
  
https://github.com/m96-chan  
  
**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**  
  
**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**  
  
**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**  
  
**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**  
  
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**  
  
[private]  
  
**Please type your full name for your signature.**  
  
[private]  
