1. Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf? If you  
are submitting this notice on behalf of a company, please be sure to use an email  
address on the company's domain. If you use a personal email address for a notice  
submitted on behalf of a company, we may not be able to process it.  
Yes. I am Thekla’s [private] authorized to act on its behalf.  
2. Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you  
make changes to your original notice?  
Yes. The original request is attached as Exhibit 1.  
3. Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?  
GitHub.  
4. Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the  
owner's behalf.  
As described above, Thekla ([private], Thekla’s employees, and Thekla’s contractors) wrote the  
entire JAI compiler repository from scratch. Thekla owns the copyright in the repository. I am  
Thekla’s [private].  
5. Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly  
been infringed.  
The infringer created an unauthorized copy of the entire repository for the JAI compiler. The  
repository consists of the executable files, modules called by the executables, example outputs  
of the compiler, and supporting documentation.  
6. If the original work referenced above is available online, please provide a URL.  
The work is not available publicly, but a version of the repository made shortly before the illegal  
copy is available at the [private] link above.  
7. We ask that a DMCA takedown notice list every specific file in the repository that is  
infringing, unless the entire contents of the repository are infringing on your copyright.  
Please clearly state that the entire repository is infringing, OR provide the specific files  
within the repository you would like removed.  
The entire contents of the repository are infringing.  
8. Identify the full repository URL that is infringing:  
https://github.com/number-none/jai-beta-2-009  
9. Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your  
copyrighted content? Please see our “Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology”  
if you are unsure.  
No.  
10. If you are reporting an allegedly infringing fork, please note that each fork is a distinct  
repository and must be identified separately. . .As forks may often contain different  
material than in the parent repository, if you believe any of the repositories or files in the  
forks are infringing, please list each fork URL below:  
Thekla is not reporting an allegedly infringing fork.  
11. Is the work licensed under an open source license?  
No.  
12. What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?  
13. GitHub must remove the entire infringing repository.  
13. Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information?  
No.  
* * *  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the  
infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have  
taken fair use into consideration.  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I  
am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right  
that is allegedly infringed.  
Sincerely,  
FENWICK & WEST LLP  
/s/ [private]  
[private]  
  
[private]  
  
Fenwick | [private] | [private] | [private]  
