Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati  
Professional Corporation  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
O: [private]  
F: [private]  
  
[private]  
Internet: [private]  
Direct dial: [private]  
  
Via Email  
  
DMCA Agent  
GitHub, Inc.  
[private]  
  
Re: Revised DMCA Takedown Notice  
  
We are outside counsel to, and an authorized agent of, OpenAI Foundation (“OpenAI”)  
and write to notify you of two GitHub repositories that infringe on code owned by OpenAI.  
OpenAI has a good faith belief that use of the code in this manner is not authorized by the copyright  
owner, its agent, or the law. In accordance with Section 512(c) of the Digital Millennium Copyright  
Act (“DMCA”), please remove the identified infringing material immediately.  
  
On information and belief, GitHub users “gmh5225” and “whyseu” have forked the  
repository titled “oai-cua” ([invalid]) that was previously removed  
from GitHub, in response to OpenAI’s prior DMCA takedown notice, dated [private],  
because it infringes on proprietary code owned by OpenAI. The forked repositories, available at  
https://github.com/gmh5225/oai-cua and https://github.com/whyseu/oai-cua, also contain direct,  
literal copies of original and proprietary code that was developed by OpenAI for exclusive,  
commercial purposes to support OpenAI’s agentic service offerings, and is neither open source  
nor licensed. Accordingly, there is no fair use exception and the entirety of the infringing code  
must be removed immediately.  
  
I certify, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and  
that I am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  
We have read and understand GitHub’s Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice and represent that this  
notice complies with GitHub’s requirements. OpenAI reserves all rights and remedies, including  
applicable statutory damages. You can reach me at: [private] or [private].   
  
Very truly yours,  
WILSON SONSINI GOODRICH & ROSATI  
Professional Corporation  
/s [private]  
[private]  
