Dear GitHub Legal Team，

 

I am [private], a member of the [private] department of UNISOC Technologies Co.,Ltd (“UNISOC”).

I have read and understood GitHub's "DMCA Notice Submission Guidelines"

I represent UNISOC Technologies Co.,Ltd (“UNISOC”), the exclusive rights holder of certain proprietary source code.

 

It has come to our attention that files from the following folders in the specific GitHub repository have been released without authorization, containing UNISOC's proprietary source code:

 

Repository URL： https://github.com/jingpad-bsp/vendor_sprd_proprietories-source_sprd_debug

 

The code files in the reported Repository contain numerous “SPRD”-related identifiers. These identifiers constitute a proprietary implementation pattern developed and used exclusively by UNISOC (formerly known as Spreadtrum) for the Spreadtrum (SPRD) platform, and clearly indicate the corporate ownership of the code.

 

For example, the file systemDebugger/sysdumpdb.h explicitly states that the copyright belongs to Spreadtrum.

 

The repository name also indicates that it is proprietary to Spreadtrum.

 

The code is proprietary to UNISOC( Predecessor: Spreadtrum ) and was never authorized for public disclosure or redistribution.

Uploading the Repository to GitHub and making it publicly available infringes our exclusive copyright.

 

We hereby request that GitHub immediately remove all infringing content pursuant to the DMCA and disable public access the repository.

 

Contact information of the complaining party:

Name: [private]

Company: UNISOC Technologies Co.,Ltd.

Email: [private]

Phone: [private]

Address: [private]

 

Statements

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.

I have taken fair use into consideration.



 

 

 

Best regards,

[private]

[private]

[private]

[private], UNISOC
