Dear Sirs,

 

Corporation Service Company (“CSC”) and NetNames Brand Protection Limited, a CSC wholly owned subsidiary (collectively “CSC companies”) have been instructed by our client, Qualcomm Incorporated (“Qualcomm”) to take action against the internet activities that infringe our client’s intellectual property rights. Please find attached the letter of authorisation.

 

Our client is the trademark proprietor of several trademarks in numerous jurisdictions. Our client also owns the copyright for documents and images, or otherwise displayed on a number of their products and for photographs, and other documents displayed on their official websites or in connection with other marketing materials.


It has come to our attention that Qualcomm’s exclusive rights in its copyrighted work as described below are being infringed.  Specifically, Qualcomm’s rights are infringed by the availability for viewing and downloading of its copyrighted works accessible at the URLs identified below.

Pursuant to 17 USC 512(c)(3)(A), this communication serves as a statement that:

 

1.       I am the duly authorized representative of the exclusive rights holder for Qualcomm Incorporated copyright works;

2.       These exclusive rights are being violated by material available upon your site at the following URLs:

 

        https://github.com/mahendra-21/wlan_work/blob/f6b120c667b2f2295460a672b6ba3c9758e8bde4/11ax/80-yc906-1_a_11ax_and_ipq807x.pdf  

 

        https://github.com/mahendra-21/wlan_work/blob/f6b120c667b2f2295460a672b6ba3c9758e8bde4/11ax/80-yc906-4_b_11ax_software_tx_rx_data_path.pdf  

       

        https://github.com/mahendra-21/wlan_work/blob/f6b120c667b2f2295460a672b6ba3c9758e8bde4/11ax/80-ya117-11_a_11ax_overview.pdf  

       

        https://github.com/mahendra-21/wlan_work/blob/f6b120c667b2f2295460a672b6ba3c9758e8bde4/11ax/80-ya728-5_yg_wireless_lan_access_point_(driver_version_11.0)_command_reference_guide.pdf  

       

        https://github.com/mahendra-21/wlan_work/blob/f6b120c667b2f2295460a672b6ba3c9758e8bde4/11ax/80-ya728-4_w_ipq807x_ipq807xa_ipq817x_soc_software_user_guide.pdf  

       

        https://github.com/mahendra-21/wlan_work/blob/f6b120c667b2f2295460a672b6ba3c9758e8bde4/11ax/80-wl521-105_b_802.11ax_overview_and_features_test_setup_test_guide.pdf  

 

3.       I have a good faith belief that the use of this material in such a fashion is not authorized by the copyright holder, the copyright holder's agent, or the law;

4.       Under penalty of perjury in a United States court of law, I state that the information contained in this notification is accurate, and that I am authorized to act on the behalf of the exclusive rights holder for the material in question;

5.       I may be contacted by the following methods:

 

NetNames Brand Protection Limited (A CSC Company)

Newton House (Part Ground floor) Building 3D,

Cowley Road, Cambridge Business Park

Cambridge

Cambridgeshire, United Kingdom

CB4 0WZ

Tel: [private]  

 

I hereby request that you remove or disable access to this material as it appears on your service in as expedient a fashion as possible.

 

[private]  

We thank you in advance for your cooperation.

  

Yours faithfully,

Corporation Service Company (“CSC”)
