**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**  

I am the legal owner of the intellectual property and hold the copy right to all of the software associated with a recruitment app that [private] were contracted to complete on my behalf.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  

A two sided market place recruitment platform on web, iOS and Android for casual jobs where employers (job posters) and employees (service providers can connect).

www.stevefindsjobs.com

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**  

Take down the entire repository -https://github.com/Rishisinghwindows/EducateMe

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  

There are no other forks of repository

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  

The repository Rishisinghwindows has made public includes no licensee. Your contract with Appster should indicate that this code was never intendant to be made public or open source.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**  

Removal is the only option.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**  

[private]  
This is [private] who worked at [private] during that time,

His last commit to the iOS repository was:

[private] < [private]> [private]  

[private]

[private]

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law."**  

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**  

Thanks and regards,

[private]
