DMCA Takedown Notice

 

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

At the beginning of January 2020, CardPay holding of companies represented by CardPay Asia Inc, registered in Malaysia, reg. Number LL08621( hereinafter called the Company) found out that under the  name of [private] and the name of his business project reactive-pay, there was posted the code of the software product on Github with open access  to it, with the possibility of public review and download, via the link https://github.com/reactive-pay/rp-engine/tree/bf2c5987befdbd5dd8fadff9a5d86038bdb82efb/services/business

The Company by IT specialists  compared the code of the software product stored in our system and the one posted on GitHub. Match more than 90%, so it is our code and publishing our code without permission and store it – copyright infringement.

All rights to the specified software product belong to the Company and were transferred under the corresponding agreement. [private] was an employee of our companies about 2 years ago, then became [private], part of [private]. [private] stopped working for the [private] more than 2 years ago.

[private] knew that the specified product did not belong to him, and he did not have the right to share it. The actions – stealing and posting the code on Github with public access - violate the intellectual and related rights of our Company and third parties’ rights.

We are in the process of a third party's expertise and made fixation of the violation. Then we will go to police and courts.

We have contacted the company which works under brand-name reactive-pay(BCL Technologies Europe OU, Estonia) and [private]y. I attach the answer, in which [private] states that it is not him and that somebody tries to use his name.

Please stop violation of Intellectual rights and delete all code from Github.

At least we ask to block access to the code by public, because it contains sensitive information (old, but still stolen other parties information – logins)

When the expertise of third party is ready, we will provide the results and confirmation that the appeals to police were filled. Then we shall go to courts.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

 

Regards,

[private]

Senior legal Counsel
