**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Dolby’s proprietary source code for audio technologies. The infringing repository is hosting software codes for an android app ExoPlayer with Dolby audio decoding capability. Dolby has tested and confirmed the ExoPlayer built using the software code supports decoding of two of Dolby's proprietary technologies: Dolby Digital and Dolby Digital Plus. Dolby's source code should not be published publicly, and this is infringement upon Dolby's source code and Intellectual Property. Although Dolby’s source code is proprietary and not public, general information related to Dolby technologies can be reviewed at the following URL: https://www.dolby.com/us/en/home/index.html

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

In the list of links below, the entire repository entitled “DDP-Playback-UI” should be taken down, including all files and sub-directories in the “DDP-Playback-UI” repository:

1. https://github.com/Eg0Jemima/DDP-Playback-UI

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

No forks were identified for this repository.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

Dolby does not provide an open source license to the source code at issue here, and the infringing files are not permitted by Dolby. Indeed, the header that Dolby uses in its source code, indicating that the code is confidential and belongs to Dolby, appears in the repository identified above. Testing by Dolby has confirmed the android app Exoplayer utilizes Dolby Digital and Dolby Digital Plus technology. Because Dolby does not provide open source licenses, the user who has published the infringing repository does not have rights to publish any proprietary Dolby technology.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Removal of the entire contents of the “DDP-Playback-UI” repository, including all files and sub-directories. There are no changes that the person can make other than removal of the “DDP-Playback-UI” repository and its content.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

According to github user information for those projects:

1. Name: [private] username: Eg0Jemima

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
