**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

This person is making our private repository into a public one (celant). Even though it is old, it is still unacceptable!! I am the 100% [private] of the company (Celant Innovations, LLC) that owns copyright to this source code.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The original copyrighted work is available at [private] (it is a private repository). [private] has made contributions to this previously. He worked as a contractor in the early years. We went separate ways after he asked me to prepay for services, and I declined. Now, he has modified the name of the repository (from celant-redux to celant) to make it seem like he has rights to publicize this source code. This is completely unacceptable.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

All of the contents of [private] should be taken down, as well as a fork of it:  

https://github.com/topdev3046/celant

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, topdev3046 / celant is another fork

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No, it is proprietary. They have no license. They worked for me as freelancer via upwork, and now they have forked and publicly made it available.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Please delete the repository: [private] and https://github.com/topdev3046/celant. The repository being made private would work, but i would like to revoke them from having it.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

He has used several alias before. I've emailed his previous email account: [private] (no answer as expected).  
We separated not amicably because he asked me to prepay for services and I refused. I no longer has the connection, but his Skype name used to be [private] (which i blocked long time ago).

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
Home address: [private]  
Business address: [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
