My name is Ruslan Sirbu and I am the author of the script, "Midrub". It has been reproduced in full at https://codecanyon.net/item/midrub-schedule-and-publish-on-the-most-popular-social-networks/17447773 which infringes on my copyright.

The original script, "Midrub," to which I own the electronic rights, can be found here:

https://codecanyon.net/item/midrub-schedule-and-publish-on-the-most-popular-social-networks/17447773

The unauthorized and infringing copy can be found at:

https://github.com/sulthonmb/imersa

All files here https://github.com/sulthonmb/imersa/tree/d4f6dfe369f61b0fb180135950c5fb7d9f9adae4/main are my(i mean in application folder and assets, other are of the CodeIgniter). In the header you can see my company's name and my emails address. You can contact me on that email address for testing.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

This letter is official notification under Section 512(c) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (”DMCA”), and I seek the removal of the aforementioned infringing material from your website. I request that you immediately notify the infringer of this notice and notify them to cease any further posting of infringing material in the future. 

I am providing this notice in good faith and with the reasonable belief that rights I own are being infringed. Under penalty of perjury I certify that the information contained in the notification is both true and accurate, and I have the authority to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright(s) involved.

Should you wish to discuss this with me please contact me.

Thank you.

[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]
