**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I was the original author of the code that's protected by the copyright license that is being infringed upon.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The original work is the codebase of my portfolio website. It is currently available at https://github.com/alexieyizhe/alexxie.ca/tree/b6302ae2828d87e9fcd75eb1d84a360f5342a19e and live at http://old.alexxie.ca/

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The codebase at https://github.com/brandonagray/brandon-gray-portfolio has directly been copied from my original work, without any attribution whatsoever. While some files have been modified by the new author, a large majority of the code is my work.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

N/A

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

Yes, the work is licensed under the MIT License. The files are permitted to be used/copied, but the license specifies that attribution must be provided in order to avoid infringement (which they have not provided).

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The most logical change would be to add my license as attribution in the codebase, which is what the MIT license specifies to do. If that does not happen, the next best solution would be to take down the site.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

The infringer can be contacted at the following email address: [private]

I have made an attempt to contact him at both the email address above and by opening a pull request in the infringing repository.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Telephone number: [private]  
Physical address: [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
