**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I act as legal counsel for Appatomic Limited, the copyright holder of VPNhub and VPNhub Premium.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

A file in the repository uploaded to github.com contains the Android version of VPNhub and provides unauthorized access to Appatomic Limited's paid product, VPNhub Premium, of which Appatomic Limited is the intellectual property rightsholder, as can be seen from the VPNhub Terms of Service: https://www.vpnhub.com/terms-of-service

This file therefore infringes on Appatomic Limited's rights.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The following file found in the repository in question is infringing on Appatomic Limited's rights and needs to be taken down, as it entirely consists of the Android version of VPNhub and provides unauthorized access to Appatomic Limited's paid product, VPNhub Premium:
https://github.com/kodiplexkodi/KodiPlexKodi.github.io/blob/e191ba14f545ff590241e9e9d99d86277996f652/apk/VPNhub%20Premium%20(1).apk

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

There are no forks as far as we are aware.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

N/A

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The file in the repository needs to be removed as it is completely made from Appatomic Limited's content and contains an API Key that should not be made public.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

N/A

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[[private]]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
