**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am [private] of BIOS Corporation and acting on behalf of our company.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The original copyrighted works were uploaded on github, but we deleted them immediately soon after we found them made visible to the public because it was a mistake to make the data visible to the public. The deleted site contained important files , programs, and documents of/about the RAID products, developed by BIOS Corporation, all of which were created only for internal use and have treated by the limited members of the BIOS development group. Therefore, we never intend to have the data gone public.  
This incident happened because one of the employees unintentionally published the data on github.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

All files in following repositories should be taken down.  
https://github.com/radtek/MB_Debug/

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

No forks have been found at this point , except for this one.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No, we have not licensed them ever.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

We would like to request that the repository be deleted as we do not intend for these files to be shared.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No, we do not have the information.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
