**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I'm from the Information Security area at linx. I am here to request the removal of the repository where the user left publicly, company application codes. Check that the data is from 3 years ago, but the content is restricted and internal. I ask the support of the support to remove this information from the air as soon as possible.  
As a form of proof, our portal is this: https://erp.microvix.com.br/  
And the codes posted are related to our Microvix product.  

I look forward to a positive return from Github.  

Thanks.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The microvix is an automation tool created and developed by linx. The information can be accessed on our public website on the company's official page: https://www.linx.com.br/gestao-e-performance-para-varejo-fisico/linx-microvix/?gclid=CjwKCAiA4Y7yBRB8EiwADV1haUkrrNVZonqkpYgXBVgpiz8-HczxbQmNupPQitAYimYzN5Tzrs8itxoCmUkQAvD_BwE

Offical Linx Website: www.linx.com.br

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The repositories were published by former employees who have already been dismissed from the company. Note that the publication date is old, but still contains public data for access to the tool code, customer information and other data that are considered to be restricted / internal use:

https://github.com/pedromjr/BackupAntigos/tree/master/LinxMicrovixWebApi/Trunk/Source/LinxMicrovix%20WebApi%20Solution  
https://github.com/gersonlucasangeloviana/T-SQL

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, all files found in the repository have internal information .. some with more information and others with less.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No. the work is not from open source, so it violates our internal organization policy.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

It wouldn't do, because the code doesn't belong to the user who posted it. That is, if the repository is in "private mode" the user is still in possession of the code and will be able to publish it anywhere else (repository). Remembering that the user is no longer part of the company.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

We don't know him because he is an ex-employee. We don't have direct contact with him.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
[private]  
or  
[private]  
[private]  
Address: [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
