Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

Hi,

Naxap Technology Private Limited is sending this takedown anti-piracy notice for and on behalf of our Client Pearson India Education Services Pvt. Ltd..

Infringing Urls:  
https://github.com/TarikulCSE31/Text-Books/blob/master/Cryptography%20and%20Network%20Security%205E%20-%20William%20Stallings.pdf

The sources mentioned above and in the Evidentiary Section, are copyright works of our client and/or its affiliates, and you are not authorized to distribute/aid in its distribution in any way through your platform.

We hereby request that you immediately take down all the infringing material mentioned above upon receipt of this notice. Failure in taking action and responding to this notice shall lead to legal proceedings.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that I am authorized to act on behalf of the Client of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. I declare that to the best of my knowledge that use of the copyrighted materials described above as allegedly infringing is not authorized by the copyright owner, its affiliates, its agent, or the law.


Digital Signature  
[private]



Evidentiary Information:  
Notice ID: [private]  
Infringed Work: Cryptography and Network Security: Principles and Practice (Book)  
Original Work Url: https://www.amazon.in/NTA-Paper-Teaching-Research-Aptitude/dp/9357059717

Authorisation Letter: [private]  
Copyright Agent: Naxap Technology Private Limited  
Copyright Holder: Pearson India Education Services Pvt. Ltd.  
Copyright Holder Contact Mail: [private]

Please reply to us at [private]in case of any inquiry.

Cordially,  
[private]  
Naxap Technology Private Limited  
Copyright Agent For Pearson India Education Services Pvt. Ltd.  
[private]  
[private]: [private]  
City: [private]  
State: [private]  
Country: [private]  
Phone [private]  
Email [private]  
