**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Obsidian is developed and operated by Dynalist Inc.
I [private] for Dynalist Inc.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The compiled source code of the Obsidian application, downloadable at https://obsidian.md, as well as a decompiled version of said source code.
Obsidian is a closed-source application.

The license terms expressly prohibit distribution of said code.  
> OBSIDIAN and any other Services are licensed and not sold to you. All rights not expressly granted to you in this Agreement are reserved and retained by us. You may not copy, modify, translate, publish, broadcast, transmit, distribute, perform, display, use or sell any Content or other Content appearing on or through the Services.

In addition, the repository is also breaking the following term of our TOS:  
> Customer shall not (and shall not permit others to): ... (vi) remove or modify a copyright or other proprietary rights notice on or in the Services or Software;

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The entire repository: https://github.com/mnaoumov/obsidian-deobfuscate  
This gist: https://gist.github.com/mnaoumov/a0b3e455778a835e486e30f6ccfb3032  

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

I have not found any additional forks.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

E-Mail: [private]

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

E-Mail: [private]  
Phone: [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
