**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

Yes

**Please provide the Zendesk ticket number of your previously submitted notice. Zendesk ticket numbers are 7 digit ID numbers located in the subject line or body of your confirmation email.**

2514937

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Altoros, LLC developed the code mentioned in this notice as part of a Master Services Agreement (MSA) with Superpedestrian, Inc.
According to the terms outlined in the MSA, Altoros, LLC maintains full ownership and copyrights over the code until Superpedestrian, Inc. fulfills its obligation of rendering full and final payment. Given that full payment under the MSA is still outstanding from Superpedestrian, Inc., Altoros LLC remains the exclusive copyright holder of the code.

During the project, members of the Altoros, LLC team delivered the source code directly to the repository in question. It is important to note that access to this repository for Altoros team members has since been terminated.

This leads us to believe that there may be unauthorized copies of the original copyrighted work present in the repository, which constitutes a potential copyright infringement.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The work in question is proprietary and has not been made public. Altoros, LLC owns the copyright to approximately 60% of the code found in the reported repository. The following contributors have created a code that is copyrighted by Altoros, LLC:  
[private] <[private]>,  
[private] <[private]>,  
[private] <[private]>.  

The following is a description of certain elements of the original copyrighted code:
- Code for performing sobriety checks before rides, implemented in the "sobriety_test" folder. This includes shared viewmodel classes for communication between app activities and fragments;
- Code for displaying custom "FiveSecondsToast" messages in the app;
- Code related to customer agreement screens before rides start, implemented in "guest_agreement" and "group_ride_agreement" folders. This includes UI code written with Jetpack Compose and custom common views;
- Classes named "ReceiptView" which are used in multiple app screens like "HistoryAdapter" and after single rides end.

Screenshots identifying some parts of the original code are under the link:  
[private]

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

[http://github.com/Superpedestrian/sp-android-reservations-sdk/]

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

No.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Other Change

**Describe the change.**

Access to the repository at the indicated URL should be disabled until further notice from Altoros, LLC.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

[private],  
[private],  
[private],  
[private],  
[private]  

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
