Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

DMCA TAKEDOWN NOTICE

Copyright and Trademark Infringement at https://nakosung.github.io/wordle/

Dear Sir of Madam:

As outside counsel to The New York Times Company (“The Times”), I am authorized to submit this DMCA Takedown notice.

On January 24, 2022, The Times purchased the popular word game “Wordle” (and all associated intellectual property rights with the game) from the game’s creator [private], including but not limited to the common-law trademark rights to the “Wordle” trademark, the copyright in the game, and the trade dress associated with the game. The Times’s acquisition of the game was widely reported in widely available news sources. 

The Times owns numerous trademark registrations for “Wordle” in connection with, among other things, word games and spelling and word puzzles, including U.S. Reg. No. 7,140,613; U.K. Trademark Reg. Nos. 3,749,710 and 3,753,162; European Community Trademark Reg. No. 18651261; and pending U.S. applications, 97/248,806 and 97/510,050. 

The following website that Github hosts contains copyrighted content of The Times: https://nakosung.github.io/wordle/.  In particular, the website contains a knock off of the same copyrighted Wordle puzzle owned by The Times.  The layout and color scheme (gray, yellow, and green tiles) are identical to The Times’s “Wordle” game.  See https://www.nytimes.com/games/wordle/index.html.  The website also uses The Times’s “Wordle” trademark without authorization.  Clearly, this is a blatant attempt to trade off The Times’s well-known “Wordle” brand and confuse consumers into believing they are playing a legitimate Korean version of the Wordle game, when they are not.

We have a good faith belief that this usage has not been authorized by us, by our agent, or by law.

On behalf of The Times, we hereby request that you immediately disable and take down the infringing material.  THIS IS A DMCA TAKE DOWN NOTICE.

Under penalty of perjury, I hereby declare that this Notice is accurate and that I am authorized to act on behalf of The Times.

I look forward to your prompt response, as required by law.

Sincerely,

/[private]/

[private]

[private]  
Flaster Greenberg PC  
p: [private] • f: [private] • e: [private]   
[private]
