While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Nexteer creates proprietary and confidential code that is safety critical and controls the function of automotive steering systems and its test environment. this code has been stolen from nexteer and posted repeatedly on githib and other sites. Nexteer has filed several discovery requests to GitHub to take down such code in the past..

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Nexteer creates proprietary and confidential code that is safety critical and controls the function of automotive steering systems. this code has been stolen from nexteer and posted repeatedly on githib and other sites. Nexteer has filed several discovery requests to githib to take down such code in the past

• https://github.com/StumHuang/ElectricPowerSteering_TMS570_HAITEC_LC  
• https://github.com/LiYuanxing/FIASA_TEST_CONFIG_CANOE  
• https://github.com/wuwuzhazha/EmbeddedSystem_EA3_PSA_CMP  

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

• https://github.com/StumHuang/ElectricPowerSteering_TMS570_HAITEC_LC  
• https://github.com/LiYuanxing/FIASA_TEST_CONFIG_CANOE  
• https://github.com/wuwuzhazha/EmbeddedSystem_EA3_PSA_CMP  

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

this code was stolen a few years ago and repeatedly gets posted. since then, many security prevention methods have been put in place.

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

this code was stolen a few years ago and repeatedly gets posted. since then, many security prevention methods have been put in place.

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

i am not aware of any forks as of this time

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

other than the usernames provided, we have not identified the infringer. we are working with law enforcement to identify the infringer.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

nexteer automotive corporation  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
