We are writing this letter on behalf of Meta Platforms, Inc.

We have received information leading us to believe that the website located at:

https://github.com/CrypticFate5/Meta-Back-End-Developer-Professional-Certificate (the "Website")

is hosting and/or facilitating the downloading, streaming of content, and/or offering content (listed below) in which Meta is the copyright owner and/or the owner of exclusive rights in such content (the "Meta Properties"). No one is authorized to exhibit, reproduce, transmit, or otherwise distribute Meta Properties without the express written permission of Meta, and the unauthorized distribution of Meta Properties constitutes copyright infringement or improper/unauthorized use. This conduct may also violate the laws of other countries, international law, and/or treaty obligations.

1. Identification of Meta Properties:  
Meta Blueprint (formerly known as Facebook Blueprint) certification questions and/or answers. Blueprint's official presence can be seen at https://www.facebookblueprint.com/

2. Infringing material or activity found at the following location(s):  
https://github.com/CrypticFate5/Meta-Back-End-Developer-Professional-Certificate

Good Faith Belief: We, Tracer, have a good faith belief that the use of the material in the manner described above is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.

Authority to Act: We, Tracer, represent that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that we are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. Tracer is authorized by Meta Platforms, Inc., to facilitate the submission of and correspondence regarding complaints.

Accordingly, Meta requests that https://github.com/CrypticFate5/Meta-Back-End-Developer-Professional-Certificate immediately cease access to the Meta Properties in connection with the Website, and further requests that https://github.com/CrypticFate5/Meta-Back-End-Developer-Professional-Certificate confirms in writing to the undersigned that (i) access to the Meta Properties has been removed.

This letter is not a complete statement of Meta’s rights in connection with this matter, and nothing contained herein constitutes an express or implied waiver of any rights or remedies of Meta in connection with this matter, all of which are expressly reserved.

512(f) Acknowledgement: As applicable under 17 U.S.C. 512(f), we acknowledge that we may be subject to liability for damages if we knowingly materially misrepresent that material or activity is infringing.

I have taken fair use into consideration. We appreciate your assistance and thank you for your cooperation in this matter.

[private]  
Meta Platforms, Inc. Brand Protection (transmitted by Tracer)  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
www.tracer.ai
