Hello Dear Github:

 

I am [private] (my Github acccount name is [private]). It is nice to be able to use Github such a professional and efficient platform, and I have a need to be very hopefully able to get Github’s support and resolution.

 

I have read and understand Github’s Guide to Filling a DMCA Notice.

 

[private] created a [private] called RHMS in 2018, the following is a screenshot after uploading the code to [private] and the URL is:[invalid]

 

 

 

Later [private] deleted the whole repository, but [private] found that before [private] deleted, a user “Airforce-1” completely forked entire repository “RHMS” and it still exist.

 

The following is Githubs’s URL and Screenshots about the forked repository:

https://github.com/Airforce-1/RHMS

 

 

“Airforce-1/RMHS” , the entire repository is copied from my “[private]”. From the above screenshot, it can also be seen that the most recent modification record was "[private]" on [private], which means that after forking the entire folder, he did not make any changes and there was no new content.

 

I know that Github is a high-quality content sharing platform and also focuses on content originality and intellectual property protection. So I hope Github as soon as possible to help me completeley remove “Airforce-1 / RMHS” and thank you so much.

 

The following is my information:

Name: [private]

My e-mail Address:[private]

Cell-phone: [private]

Physical Address: [private], [private], [private], [private], [private].

 

 

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

 

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

 

Hoping for your response and thanks again.
