While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

People started using my projects inappropriately and inform me about their acts of stealing. [private]  
I would love to see all my shared code in all repositories down.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

This is my original work that many students commit as their coursework, others use in their fake job applications, and some even inside commercial applications without my permission: [private]

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

Any direct copy of my repositories (they are becoming untraceable for me already, and many GitHub users did not include their contact details).  
for example:  
https://github.com/aiXpertLab/linkedin-bot  
https://github.com/Mike-Jagger/linkedin-bot  
https://github.com/luismarioagreda/linkedin-bot  

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

Making my [private] private

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

I moved my project from a [private] to private, since people misuse it, and submit as their own work to employers or to universities. I want all the forks down.

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Due to repeated incidents of unauthorized use and exploitation of my projects without attribution or support, I have moved all automation projects to [private]. I want forks and copies down.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

[private] Profiles, but they may be unresponsive, besides, there might be other copies all over GitHub:  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private] is the fastest way to contact me: [private]  
Tel: [private]  
Email: [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
