Beijing IQIYI Science & Technology Co., Ltd.

Attention: [private]
Telephone: [private]
Fax: +8610 62677000
E-Mail: [private]

17/F, Capital Development Tower
No.2 Haidian North 1st Street
Beijing 100080, China

April 29, 2014

VIA E-MAIL: copyright@github.com

DMCA Takedown Notice on behalf of Beijing IQIYI Science & Technology Co., Ltd.

Dear Sir or Madam,

We, Beijing IQIYI Science & Technology Co., Ltd. ("IQIYI"), are China's biggest online television and movie portal, the developer of, and owner of the copyright in, the software of the widely popular online video player (the "Software"). The Software runs as a server to which users connect over the Internet to watch the video contents which are fully-licensed from the copyright owners provided by IQIYI. The research and development of the source code of the Software should only be owned by IQIYI and used in our website "www.iqiyi.com". The Software has been registered with the State Copyright Bureau of China, and IQIYI has the right to enforce its copyrights under U.S. Copyright Law (the "US Copyrights).

This letter is notice to GitHub Inc ("GitHub") under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the "DMCA), 17 U.S.C. ยง 512 et. seq., regarding the infringement of our copyright rights in and to the Software. We have a good faith belief that the usage of its property, as identified below, is not authorized by us, the owner of the trademark, or any of our agents, or under applicable law.

IQIYI has determined that unlicensed source code of the Software are revealed via login to https://github.com operated by GitHub. These unlicensed copies of the software are accessible at the following links:

* https://github.com/qiyinet/cdn2.0/blob/4526185208e492e1eb45efd62c58d28e4cd9847a/cdn2.0/cachemgr/conf/cachemgr.conf

* https://github.com/qiyinet/cdn2.0/blob/4526185208e492e1eb45efd62c58d28e4cd9847a/cdn2.0/cdnmaster/conf/cdnmaster.conf

The copies of the Software present and downloadable on the GitHub servers at the foregoing links, and any other copies of the Software now located on or later posted on any GitHub servers that embody the Software (the "Infringing Materials"), infringe IQIYI's exclusive rights in the U.S. Copyrights in the Trademark.

Accordingly, we request that GitHub immediately: (a) remove all Infringing Materials posted on the GitHub computers; and (b) disable all access to the portions of the GitHub computers where the Infringing Materials are posted.

We look forward to receiving your response immediately. Nothing in this letter, or otherwise, is intended or shall be construed to be a waiver or release of, or a limitation or restriction upon, any of our rights, remedies, claims, positions, or defenses arising out of or in connection with this matter, and all of such rights, remedies, claims, positions, and defenses have been and continue to be reserved and may be exercised or asserted by us at any time without further notice except as required by  applicable law.

The undersigned hereby states that the information set forth above is accurate, and declares, under penalty of perjury, that we are authorized to act on behalf of IQIYI, the owner of the rights that are alleged to be infringed.

Sincerely,

[private]
[private]
Beijing IQIYI Science & Technology Co., Ltd.
