Dear Sir/Madam,

I am writing to you on behalf of Outfit7 Limited, mobile application
developer and entertainment services provider.

We came across an infringing post on your site and would like it removed.

1. URLs of the infringing posts:

https://github.com/greyfox4488/TalkingTom/blob/master/AnimationsTom/blink/cat_blink0000.jpg

https://github.com/ohyeslk/Tom/blob/03ec79a04757b82f21bac3a1d9bab3b62a37ec30/Tom/Resource/AnimationsTom/angry-tail/cat_angry0000.jpg

https://github.com/CamelGo/Crazepony-II-Bate3.0/blob/5048df9b597def252a235c487031bd31f865d4b8/UpperComputer3.0/APP/tomcatplay.c

https://github.com/junruiwang/JinJiang_IOS/blob/master/Tom/Tom/Resource/AnimationsTom/blink/cat_blink0000.jpg

2. The above mentioned listing is violating our protected IP rights:

- trademarks: word mark, character

- copyrights of all the character

Example:

Talking Tom (WIPO trademark registration numbers):

- Word Mark: 1111360

- Character: 1111352

3. Contact information:

[private] (director)
for:

Outfit7 Limited

Registered address: 5th Floor, 52-54 Gracechurch Street, London, EC3V 0EH,

United Kingdom

Business address: 146 Arch Makariou III, Alpha Tower, 4th Floor, 3507

Limassol , Cyprus

TEL: [private]

e-mail: [private]

4. We have a good faith belief that the material is not authorized by the
intellectual property or copyright owner, its agent or the law.

5. I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed.

6. We would like you to immediately remove the listing (trademark
information under number 2. should be sufficient).

Please confirm the receipt of this e-mail and update us on the progress in
this matter.
Should you need any further information, do not hesitate to contact us.

Thank you for your assistance!

Kind regards,

[private]
