Following is our renewed demand to remove the subject post in its entirety. This code was provided to Appnovation, the company form whom “Rexxlabore” worked in December of 2012. The code was provided under a Non-Disclosure Agreement that did NOT allow the company or its employees, contractors or agents to disclose any of the information included in the GitHub posting. We have tried to contact “Rexxlabore” without success. “Rexxlabore” did not create any of this code and at no time had the right to post it. The posting is a violation of our copyright, as described below and includes information that provides potential access to our customers’ financial transactions. This post needs to be removed IN ITS ENTIRITY immediately. Please confirm ASAP that this has been done.

1. In December of 2012, GitHub user, Rexxllabore, posted information to GitHub at the following URL (and associated linked URLs within GitHub) in violation of the copyright owned by A/V Tronics, Inc. d/b/a AVTanz:

  https://github.com/rexxllabore/avtranz/tree/master/nh.tcro.us/htdocs

2. The information posted includes code that represents the following website:

  http://nh.tcro.us/

3. The GitHub posting includes this URL in the heading.

4. The Terms of Use for http://nh.tcro.us/ can be accessed from the link at the bottom of each page. The Terms of Use are available at:

  http://www.avtranz.com/terms.php

5. Item 10. of the subject Terms of Use state the following:
“All content included or available on this site, including site design, text, graphics, interfaces, and the selection and arrangements thereof is ©2009-2014 AVTranz.com, with all rights reserved, or is the property of AVTranz and/or third parties protected by intellectual property rights. Any use of materials on the website, including reproduction for purposes other than those noted above, modification, distribution, or replication, any form of data extraction or data mining, or other commercial exploitation of any kind, without prior written permission of an authorized officer of AVTranz is strictly prohibited. Members agree that they will not use any robot, spider, or other automatic device, or manual process to monitor or copy our web pages or the content contained therein without prior written permission of an authorized officer of AVTranz.”

6. GitHub can contact me at:

  [private]

7. Pursuant to Section 512(c) of the Copyright Revision Act, as enacted through the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, AVTranz designates the following individual as its agent for receipt of notifications of claimed copyright infringement.

  [private]

I, [private], have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.

I, [private], swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

[private]

IT Manager

AVTranz
