Dear Github maintainer,

This is [private] from Zamplus which
(www.zamplus.com) is an advertising technology company from China. We
recently found our private source codes were illegally distributed
on github. According to your DMCA Takedown Policy, we provide you with materials
you required as follows[Please see the red parts]:

A. Copyright Claims

To expedite our handling of your notice, please use the
following format or refer to Section 512(c)(3) of the Copyright Act.

1.    
Identify the copyrighted work you
believe has been infringed. The specificity of your identification may depend
on the nature of the work you believe has been infringed, but may include
things like a link to a web page or a specific post (as opposed to a link to a
general site URL).

Please refer to attachment.

2.    
Identify the material that you
allege is infringing upon the copyrighted work listed in Item #1 above. This
identification needs to be reasonably sufficient to permit GitHub to locate the
material. In other words, please include the URL to the material allegedly
infringing your copyright (URL of a website or URL to a post, with title, date,
name of the emitter), or link to an initial post with sufficient data to find
it.

 https://github.com/gibrancharun/python-dsp

Please note that ALLTHE CODES under the above URL belong to us.

3.    
Provide information on which
GitHub may contact you, including your email address, name, telephone number
and physical address.

Please contact us as follows:

[private]

4.    
Provide the address, if
available, to allow GitHub to notify the owner/administrator of the allegedly
infringing webpage or other content, including email address.

 https://github.com/

5.    
Also include a statement of the
following: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted
materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the
copyright owner, or its agent, or the law."

I state hereby I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted
materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the
copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.

6.    
Also include the following
statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in
this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed."

I state hereby I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in
this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed.

 

We hope you can remove the aforementioned repositories
ASAP. And if you need more proof or support material, please let us know. Thanks a lot. 

 

Best,
[private]
