1. Identify the copyrighted work you believe has been infringed.
    - Source code of the product.
    - Product Title: Manteca Hero
    - Copyright holder: GREE, Inc.
    - AppStore Launch: 2012-10-10 
2. Identify the material that you allege is infringing upon the copyrighted work listed in Item #1 above.
    - https://github.com/cmingxu/hero_support
    - User Name: cmingxu
    - Affected files: All files under the repository.
3. Provide information on which GitHub may contact you, including your email address, name, telephone number and physical address.
    - Name: [private]
    - Email: [private]
    - CC 1: [private]
    - CC 2: [private]
    - Phone Number: [private]
    - Address: GREE, Inc.
      Roppongi Hills Tower, 6-10-1 Roppongi,
      Minato-ku, Tokyo, 106-6112 Japan
4. Provide the address, if available, to allow GitHub to notify the owner/administrator of the allegedly infringing webpage or other content,
including email address.
    - Email1: [private]
    - Email2: [private]
5. Statement 1:
"I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described
above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner,
or its agent, or the law."

6. Statement 2:
"I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed."

If we need further information, please let us know.

Best Regards,
[private]
