Dear GitHub Copyright Agent:

[1] I am Mr. [private], Assistant Legal Manager at NetEase (Hangzhou) Network Co., Ltd (“NetEase”), the independent developer and copyright holder of “NetEase Music” Software.

[2] I May Be Contacted At:

Address:
[private]

Email address: [private]

Telephone: [private]

Fax: [private]

[3] I have a good faith belief that the projects identified below (by URL) are unlawful under DMCA and copyright law in US and China, because, among other things, the files circumvent effective access controls and/or copyright protection measures;

[4] Reason:

Content Type: Application

Violation(s): This application contains the private key which may be used to generate URLs of music files. The private key is believed to have been hacked from our Android application. Users may use this application to access the copyright-protecting music database of NetEase without the authorized environments (website or applications).

[5] Please act expeditiously to remove the project (includes all branches) found at the following URLs:

https://github.com/jovisayhehe/fmpro

[6] For your reference, please refer to the following websites,

http://music.163.com: “NetEase Music” website in Chinese

http://ir.netease.com/phoenix.zhtml?c=122303&p=irol-IRHome: Our corporation information website in English

[7]and attached copyright certificates in Chinese.

[8]I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Thank you for your kind assistance.

Truthfully,

[private]
