Ladies and Gentlemen: 

We represent Nintendo of America Inc. ("Nintendo") in copyright matters. 
Certain material posted on the web site located at www.gba4iosapp.com infringes 
copyrights owned by Nintendo. GitHub, Inc. is identified as the internet service 
provider for this web site and IP Address 192.30.252.153. This notice is provided 
pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, 17 USC § 512. 

Nintendo requests that GitHub, Inc. disable public access to the web site at 
www.gba4iosapp.com. This web site hosts a downloadable mobile application for iOS 
that provides users with access to unauthorized and illegal copies of Nintendo’s 
copyright-protected video games in violation of Nintendo’s exclusive rights. Users can 
download the infringing application by clicking one of the “Download GBA4iOS” 
buttons on the web site. Please see the attached screenshot of www.gba4iosapp.com 
showing the location of the download buttons. 

The copyrighted works at issue are Nintendo's video games, including the 
audiovisual work, computer program, music, and fictional character depictions from the 
following (among others): 

1. The Super Mario Bros. franchise, including but not limited to Super 
Mario Advance 2: Super Mario World (U.S. Copyright Reg. No. 
PA0001250086), Super Mario Advance 4: Super Mario Bros. 3 (U.S. 
Copyright Reg. No. PA0001283738), Mario Kart – Super Circuit (U.S. 
Copyright Reg. No. PA0001108898), Mario and Luigi: Superstar Saga 
(U.S. Copyright Reg. No. PA0001246739), Super Mario Land (U.S. 
Copyright Reg. Nos. PA000532077, supp. by PA0000786376), Super 
Mario Land 2 (U.S. Copyright Reg. No. PA0000596913), and Wario Land: 
Super Mario Land 3 (U.S. Copyright Reg. No. PA0000760776); 

2. The Pokémon franchise, including but not limited to Pokémon 
Emerald (U.S. Copyright Reg. No. PA0001306449), Pokémon FireRed 
(U.S. Copyright Reg. No. PA0001249017), Pokémon LeafGreen (U.S. 
Copyright Reg. No. PA0001249016), Pokémon Ruby (U.S. Copyright Reg. 
No. PA0001138320), Pokémon Gold (U.S. Copyright Reg. No. 
PA0000955517), Pokémon Yellow (U.S. Copyright Reg. No. 
PA0000939624), Pokémon Crystal (U.S. Copyright Reg. No. 
PA0001138332), and Pokémon Silver (U.S. Copyright Reg. No. 
PA0000955467); and 

3. The Legend of Zelda franchise, including but not limited to The 
Legend of Zelda: The Minish Cap (U.S. Copyright Reg. No. 
PAu002896723), The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past (U.S. Copyright 
Reg. No. PA0000576040), The Legend of Zelda: Link's Awakening (U.S. 
Copyright Reg. No. PA0000772666), The Legend of Zelda: Oracle of 
Seasons (U.S. Copyright Reg. No. PA0001043401), and The Legend of 
Zelda: Oracle of Ages (U.S. Copyright Reg. No. PA0001043402). 

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described 
above is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law. I hereby state that 
the information herein is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that I am authorized to 
act on Nintendo of America Inc.'s behalf. 
 
We would appreciate your expeditious removal of all infringing content. 
Please contact me immediately with any questions. 

This letter is not intended to and shall not waive or prejudice any rights 
and remedies that Nintendo may have at law, in equity or otherwise. Any and all such 
rights and remedies are hereby expressly reserved. 

Very truly yours,

[private]
