One or more repositories in this DMCA takedown notice has been processed in accordance with GitHub’s prohibition on sharing unauthorized product licensing keys, software for generating unauthorized product licensing keys, and/or software for bypassing checks for product licensing keys.
You can learn more in [GitHub’s Acceptable Use Policies](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/github-acceptable-use-policies).

---

Dear Sir or Madam,

 

This firm represents the claimant (OpenVPN) regarding this takedown notice. Please see below and the signed letter attached for information pertinent to the takedown notice.

 

NOTICE TO REMOVE INFRINGING MATERIAL

Issued Pursuant to Section 512(c) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act

February 6, 2024

GitHub, Inc.

Attention: DMCA Agent

[private]

[private], [private]

Email: [private]

 

Dear Sir or Madam:

 

My name is [private], [private] of OpenVPN, Inc. (“OpenVPN”).  On behalf of OpenVPN and pursuant to the Digital Millenium Copyright Act of 1998, I am submitting this notice to GitHub, Inc. (“GitHub”) to remove from the GitHub website the copy of OpenVPN Access Server described below.

I have read and understand GitHub’s Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice and am providing you with the following information relevant to this notice.

1. Identification of the Infringed Work.  The work that is being infringed is OpenVPN Access Server.  OpenVPN Access Server is an enterprise-grade business software solution that provides a securely encrypted connection through a virtual private network to the internet over an unsecured network.  OpenVPN makes available a trial or demonstration version of Access Server that contains code limiting the number of users to only two (2) simultaneous active VPN tunnels to the Access Server.  Discussion of Access Server can be found at the following link: https://openvpn.net/access-server/.  The trial or demonstration version can be downloaded at the following link: https://myaccount.openvpn.com/signup/as. 

2. Identification of the Infringing Material and Location.  This notice pertains to several forked repositories that contain the infringing material originally posted in the parent repository.  A separate notice regarding the parent repository was submitted on January 25, 2024, which GitHub acknowledged on January 29, 2024.  The material consists of a copy of OpenVPN Access Server trial version that has been modified to disable the code that limits the number of users who can access and use that program to two (2) simultaneous users.  The modified program permits that copy of OpenVPN Access Server to be copied and accessed by unlimited access tunnels; thereby transforming the limited trial version into one that can be accessed by a far greater number of users. 

Parent Repository:

The entire contents of the repository located at the URL below is infringing as it consists of the modified code.  The title of the infringing parent repository is: OpenVPN Server With Unlimited Licence.  The parent repository appears on the GitHub website at https://github.com/KashifHK123/OpenVPN-AS-Unlimited.

Forked Repositories:

The entire contents of the forked repositories at the URLs listed in Exhibit A are infringing as they consist of the same modified code within the parent repository.  I have investigated and analyzed each identified fork and confirm that each is also infringing.  Each infringing fork is listed as hyperlink in Exhibit A attached hereto.  I acknowledge and confirm that my sworn statements below apply to each identified fork.

3. Remedy the Infringement.  The entire repositories must be taken down to remedy this infringement.

4. Contact Information.  My contact information is as follows:

[private], [private]

OpenVPN, Inc.

[private]. [private]

[private], [private]

(ph) ([private]) [private]

e-mail:  [private]

5. Infringing Parent Repository Information:

 

Name: [private]

Username: KashifHK123

URL of account owner: https://github.com/KashifHK123

Forked Repositories: Listed in Exhibit A attached hereto.

 

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.  The creation of and posting of that infringing material violates OpenVPN’s rights under the copyright laws of the United States. 

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Sincerely,

 

[private], [private]

OpenVPN, Inc.

Exhibit A

List of Infringing Forked Repositories

 @5l1v3r1 5l1v3r1 / OpenVPN-AS-Unlimited-1

 @7040210 7040210 / OpenVPN-AS-Unlimited

 @A-mon-Ra A-mon-Ra / OpenVPN-AS-Unlimiteds

 @aideen00 aideen00 / OpenVPN-AS-Unlimited

 @ais1175 ais1175 / OpenVPN-AS-Unlimited

  @ITESGIT ITESGIT / OpenVPN-AS-Unlimited

 @alfifirdaus alfifirdaus / OpenVPN-AS-Unlimited

 @AnonymousWebHacker AnonymousWebHacker / OpenVPN-AS-Unlimited

 @Anphamthanh Anphamthanh / OpenVPN-AS-Unlimited

 @arsal381 arsal381 / OVPN

 @ashirali44 ashirali44 / ashirUnlimited

 @bullet2267 bullet2267 / OpenVPN-AS-Unlimited

 @chinaares chinaares / OpenVPN-AS-Unlimited

 @danialkhatib danialkhatib / OpenVPN

 @DevAnlim DevAnlim / OpenVPN-AS-Unlimited

 @dghub-founder dghub-founder / OpenVPN-AS-Unlimited

 @dmiyyy dmiyyy / OpenVPN-AS-Unlimited

 @DxtorJa DxtorJa / OpenVPN-AS-Unlimited

 @ehsanembo ehsanembo / OpenVPN-AS-Unlimited

 @GodayMax GodayMax / OpenVPN-AS-Unlimited

 @halitartuc halitartuc / OpenVPN-AS-Unlimited

 @HSMM HSMM / OpenVPN-AS-Unlimited

 @hujinlong989 hujinlong989 / OpenVPN-AS-Unlimited

 @iPmartNetwork iPmartNetwork / OpenVPN-AS-Unlimited

 @itsalfredakku itsalfredakku / OpenVPN-AS-Unlimited

 @jtv5 jtv5 / OpenVPN-AS-Unlimited-1

 @juangarcia4ks juangarcia4ks / OpenVPN-AS-Unlimited

 @jurasicviet jurasicviet / OpenVPN-AS-Unlimited

 @jxufesoft jxufesoft / OpenVPN-AS-Unlimited

 @loopguard404 loopguard404 / OpenVPN-AS-Unlimited

 @malhuda malhuda / OpenVPN-AS-Unlimited

 @marcoshat marcoshat / OpenVPN-AS-Unlimited-1

 @masitings masitings / OpenVPN-AS-Unlimited-1

 @MehdiMahfoozian MehdiMahfoozian / OpenVPN-AS-Unlimited

 @merano333 merano333 / OpenVPN-AS-Unlimited

 @midaug midaug / OpenVPN-AS-Unlimited

 minhvip20956 / OpenVPN-AS-Unlimited

 @mnabijon mnabijon / OpenVPN-AS-Unlimited

 @myatms myatms / OpenVPN-AS-Unlimited

 @nhatpv1307 nhatpv1307 / OpenVPN-AS-Unlimited

 @nmisha nmisha / OpenVPN-AS-Unlimited

 @nurkutman1 nurkutman1 / OpenVPN-AS-Unlimited

 @OpenMoblle OpenMoblle / OpenVPN-AS-Unlimited

 @Pois0nBreads Pois0nBreads / OpenVPN-AS-Unlimited

 @pooria-ghorbani pooria-ghorbani / OpenVPN-AS-Unlimited

 @proimranjs proimranjs / OpenVPN-AS-Unlimited

 @rahmatfuadisyam rahmatfuadisyam / OpenVPN-AS-Unlimited

 @Ranamom Ranamom / OpenVPN-AS-Unlimited

  @A-mon-Ra A-mon-Ra / OpenVPN-AS-Unlimited

  
