Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

Dear Sir/Madam,

We, MarkScan, act on behalf of our Clients, Star India Pvt. Ltd. and Novi Digital Entertainment Private Limited having their registered office at [private]. We are under instructions to address you as under:

Our Client, Star India Pvt. Ltd. is amongst India's most diverse media companies. It owns and operates various entertainment channels, including the popular channels Star Plus, Star Jalsha, Channel V, Life OK, etc. (hereinafter "STAR Channels"), which are statutorily licensed by the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting. Consequently, the exclusive right to broadcast, re-broadcast, transmit and communicate to the public the STAR Channels and the content broadcast therein vests in Our Client.

It is also brought to your notice that Our Client, Novi Digital has exclusive rights to broadcast, telecast and/or communicate to the public, content aired on STAR Channels on the digital platform, "Hotstar". No other entity can, without authorization from Our Clients, upload, stream, make available for download, broadcast and/or communicate to the public, content that is aired on the STAR Channels, in any manner whatsoever, (live, delayed, repeat etc.) through any transmission platform including the internet for viewing on various devices such as computers, laptops, mobile phones, tablet computers, etc.

Star India Pvt. Ltd. is the exclusive owner of the “Star Channels”. In addition to the above, Star India Pvt. Ltd. is the exclusive owner of several trademarks connected with “Star’s Channels”. 

We have come across that the pirate Application "Cricfy TV" is providing the copyright content of hotstar illegally.

Based on our investigation, we have found that "Cricfy TV" is using "yeappusekro.homes" to provide the UI (script/homepage) of their application which is further indulged in the act of copyright piracy by providing unauthorized streams of digital content without consent of the copyright owner. Please refer below the evidence for your reference. Please act expeditiously to remove or disable access to the infringing material as listed below.

UI Domain: https://yeappusekro.homes/

Package Name: com.cricfy.tv

We have good faith & belief that the use of the described material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.The information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.We hereby declare that the information in the notification is accurate to the best of our knowledge & belief.

AUTHORIZATION LETTER OF THE COPYRIGHT OWNER (OR PERSON/COMPANY REPRESENTING)  
[private]

A DOCUMENT PROVING THAT THE MATERIALS ARE COPYRIGHTED AND BELONG TO OWNER (OR PERSON/COMPANY REPRESENTING)  
https://www.hotstar.com/

DIGITAL SIGNATURE FOR COPYRIGHT CLAIM  
[private]  
MarkScan  
Email: [private]  
[private]  
Ph: [private], Website: www.markscan.co.in.

COPYRIGHT OWNERS:  
Novi Digital Entertainment Pvt. Ltd. [private] Ph No. [private] Fax No. [private]
