ATTN: Designated Agent

 

It has come to our attention that content from a proprietary training course provided by SAS Institute Inc. ("SAS") is available on your web site without SAS's knowledge or permission.  Pursuant to §17 USC 512(c) (3) (A) this letter serves as a statement that SAS is the rights holder for the content at the URLs listed below (shared by user "superhappymeat") and these rights are being violated by having the content published: 

 

https://github.com/superhappymeat/SASViya4

https://github.com/superhappymeat/SASViya4_20220523

https://github.com/superhappymeat/PSGEL255

https://github.com/superhappymeat/PSGEL298

 

I request that you remove or disable access to the material as it appears on your site in as expedient a manner as possible to cease the illegal reproduction and distribution of these copyrighted works.  

 

I hereby state that I have a good faith belief that the disputed use of this copyrighted material is not authorized by SAS (as the copyright owner), its agent or the law (e.g. as a fair use).   

 

I have taken fair use into consideration.

 

I have read and understand GitHub’s Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice.

 

I hereby state that the information in this Notice is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that I am the owner, or authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of the copyright or of an exclusive right under the copyright that is allegedly infringed.

 

I may be reached via e-mail at [private], by phone at [private] or by mail at the following address:

 

SAS Institute Inc.

[private]

[private]

[private]

 

 

Best regards,

 

/ [private] /

[private]

[private]

SAS Institute Inc.

 
