Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

Dear Github,

The Motion Picture Association, Inc. ("MPA") represents each of the major motion picture studios in the United States, specifically, Paramount Pictures Corporation, Sony Pictures Entertainment Inc., Universal City Studios LLC, Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc., Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures, Netflix Studios, LLC, and their respective affiliates (collectively, the “MPA Member Studios”),  which own or control exclusive rights under copyright in and to a vast number of motion pictures and television shows worldwide.

We are writing to notify you of, and request your assistance in addressing, the extensive copyright infringement of motion pictures and television shows that is occurring by virtue of the operation of the Internet website https://imanoob122303.github.io/ (the “Website”), which we have reason to believe is hosted by Github (“ISP”).  

Attached as Exhibit A is a list of some of the motion pictures and television programs that are owned or controlled by the MPA Member Studios and that are being infringed by the Website.  Exhibit A is provided as a representative sample of the infringements being committed as a result of the operation of the Website and to demonstrate the readily-apparent nature of the massive infringement occurring thereon.  The list is not intended to suggest that the identified infringements are the only ones occurring on the Website.  Having been informed, through the representative list, of the nature and scope of infringements occurring on these websites, we hope that you will act appropriately to address all infringement on the Website, not merely the identified representative examples.

Exhibit A, moreover, merely provides concrete examples of what is obvious from even a cursory review of the Website.  The Website – your customer – blatantly infringes the MPA Member Studios’ copyrights and countless other copyrights.  Indeed, copyright infringement is so prevalent on the Website that infringement plainly is its predominant use and purpose.

By this notification, we are asking for your immediate assistance in stopping your customer’s unauthorized activity.  Specifically, we request that you remove or disable access to the infringing Website in accordance with either 17 U.S.C. § 512(c)(3)(A)(ii) (DMCA “representative list” provision), 17 U.S.C. § 512(i)(1)(A) (DMCA “repeat infringer” provision), and/or Github’s ToS, which prohibits use of your facilities for copyright infringement, see https://docs.github.com/en/site-policy/content-removal-policies/dmca-takedown-policy.

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice. I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration. I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. This letter is without prejudice to the rights and remedies of the MPA Member Studios and their affiliates, all of which are expressly reserved.

If you have any questions, please contact me by telephone at [private], or via email at [private].

Regards,

[private]  
[private]  

[private] & [private]  
Motion Picture Association, Inc.
