**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am an employee at LINKA Lock, and we make smart bicycle locks. We have proprietary Android and iOS apps that communicate with the smart locks, and these apps are written by LINKA employees.

Our company's [private] account is [private] where we have multiple [private] repos with proprietary code.

I have been an employee at LINKA for [private] and am part of the [private] at LINKA.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

In this repo, a proprietary Android app was forked and published, by a former employee. This employee no longer works for LINKA.
Here is the repository that was forked and should be taken down: https://github.com/gkurghinyan/LINKA-android-app

Here is the original LINKA repository with proprietary code **Please do not take this down**: [private]

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

Please take down this entire repository:  
https://github.com/gkurghinyan/LINKA-android-app

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

This infringing repo (https://github.com/gkurghinyan/LINKA-android-app) is the only one was forked and should be taken down. There are no other repos.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

We have attempted to contact them in multiple ways, though email and through [private], but they have not responded after more than 1 month.

The email we attempted to use was: [private]  
The [private] profile we used was: [private]

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

My phone number is [private]

My email is [private]

My physical address is:  
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
