Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

Dear Sir or Madam:

My name is [private], [private] for Freunde von GISAID e.V. (“GISAID”). GISAID is a global data science initiative and the primary source of genomic and associated metadata of the pandemic coronavirus and other priority pathogens.

The following information is presented for the purposes of removing web content that infringes on GISAID’s copyright per the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”). This notice constitutes an official notification under Section 512(c) of the DMCA.

Under the DMCA, you are required, as a service provider, to remove or disable access to the infringing materials specified below upon receipt of this notice. Under the safe harbor provision of the DMCA, you are given immunity from liability for hosting the infringing content, provided that you quickly rectify and investigate the copyright infringement. Failure to do so can result in the loss of this statutory immunity.

The content that is being infringed are genome sequence data that was taken from GISAID. The content includes information unique to GISAID that was created and added to the genome data.

The infringing copies of this content is located at:

https://github.com/elginakin/H1N1_HA_2015-23/blob/main/GISAID_download/download1/gisaid_epiflu_sequence-1.fasta

https://github.com/elginakin/H1N1_HA_2015-23/blob/main/GISAID_download/download2/gisaid_epiflu_sequence-2.fasta

https://raw.githubusercontent.com/elginakin/H1N1_HA_2015-23/main/GISAID_download_2/gisaid_epiflu_sequence-1_01122023.fasta

https://raw.githubusercontent.com/elginakin/H1N1_HA_2015-23/main/GISAID_download_2/gisaid_epiflu_sequence-1_01122023_clinical.fasta

All content at the mentioned URLs infringe.

Please remove and disable all access to the aforementioned copyrighted work immediately. In addition, I request that you immediately notify the infringer of this notice and inform them of their duty to remove the infringing material immediately, and notify them to cease any further posting of infringing material to your server in the future. I sought to contact the user directly but couldn’t locate any contact information on the user’s profile page, nor within the repository’s README file. To the best of our knowledge, the GitHub user can be reach via:

GitHub username:                elginakin

I have read and understand GitHub’s Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

I have a good faith belief that the use of the copyrighted materials described above on the allegedly infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration. Under penalty of perjury I certify that the information contained in this notification is both true and accurate, and that I have the authority to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. 

For further inquiry, I may be contacted at the below phone or by email.

Sincerely,

s/[private]  
[private]  
[private]

[private], [private]

The GISAID Initiative  
Real-Time Communication in Disease Prevention  
a Nonprofit Public-Private-Partnership  
www.gisaid.org
