**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

My name is [private]. I am the [private] of idyoma. Idyoma is a mobile application for language learning. My [private] are [private] ([private]) and [private] ([private]). I have provided their respective emails in case you need to verify this. I believe my [private] [private] had already sent an email earlier. We have had our private backend code that has been showed to the public on another developer's profile.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

We have our private backend code for idyoma that has been showed to the public on another developer's profile. This developer's name is [private]. This is the URL to the overview of his profile on Github ( https://github.com/tomasrinta ). We have never worked with [private], we do not have any contract with him, we never gave him permission to access our backend code and do not how he got access to our backend code which was private.

On his newly formed Linkedin page ([private]) he says he worked on Idyoma from 2013-2018 which is a total fabrication and we have proof of working with different backend developers during that period of time. The same goes for his Brain Trust page. I repeat we have never worked with this individual ever.

We have had issues in the past year with a developer named [private] who we hired through [private]. We believe he was using multiple developers when he said he would be the only one working on our application. We terminated our working relationship with [private] and [private] also has been following up with him since he broke their rules and regulations not only with my mobile app but others. We believe [private] is either [private] or one of the unauthorized developers that he had work on our application in the past.

Please find this URL ( https://github.com/tomasrinta?tab=repositories ) to show where [private] is posting idyoma's backend. Our backend on this URL is titled "idyoma-backend" and it is listed as Public. Again to repeat we have never worked with [private], we do not have any contract with him, we never gave him permission to access our backend code and do not how he got access to our backend code which was private.

We need this backend code to be removed from the public immediately as it can cause considerable damage to idyoma and he has no ownership over this code.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/tomasrinta/idyoma-backend

The link above is the entire repository for idyoma's backend. We need this backend code to be removed from the public immediately as it can cause considerable damage to idyoma and he has no ownership over this code.

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes we searched but there is no forks for this repository.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

[private] Linkedin page ( [private] )

[private] Brain Trust page ( [private] )

[private] Github page ( https://github.com/tomasrinta )

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]: Primary Contact Number: [private] / Secondary Contact Number: [private]

Please use the Primary Contact Number as I am currently outside of [private].

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
