**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

To Whom It may concern:

We hereby notify you on behalf of Take-Two Interactive, and its affiliated companies (collectively,
“Take-Two Interactive”) that the following URL(s) (the “URL”) which you are hosting contains content (the “Infringing Content”)
which infringes the copyright, intellectual property rights, goodwill and reputation of Take-Two Interactive, including the following copyright
(the “Grand Theft Auto [CR - Apps] : VIDEOGAME : The application at issue contains copyrighted elements from Grand Theft Auto used without authorization from the IP owner.”) owned by Take-Two Interactive, found on Take-Two Interactive website at https://www.take2games.com/:

URL(s):  
https://github.com/theartemmaps1/gtasa_src

Copyright: Grand Theft Auto [CR - Apps] : VIDEOGAME : The application at issue contains copyrighted elements from Grand Theft Auto used without authorization from the IP owner.  
Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc.  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  

The URL’s Infringing Content constitutes an infringement of Take-Two Interactive intellectual property rights in the
Grand Theft Auto [CR - Apps] : VIDEOGAME : The application at issue contains copyrighted elements from Grand Theft Auto used without authorization from the IP owner.. This damages the goodwill and reputation of Take-Two Interactive and causes consumer confusion as to
whether the Infringing Content is authorized, endorsed, or sponsored by Take-Two Interactive when, in fact, it is not. Take-Two Interactive
has an obligation to the public to police against any copyright infringing content which may cause
marketplace confusion. Such actions by the Website dilute Take-Two Interactive Grand Theft Auto [CR - Apps] : VIDEOGAME : The application at issue contains copyrighted elements from Grand Theft Auto used without authorization from the IP owner., harm its associated
goodwill, and constitute, inter alia, a misappropriation and violation of the rights of Take-Two Interactive. This damage to
its business entitles Take-Two Interactive to various forms of relief, including monetary compensation.

We represent under penalty of perjury that the information in this notice is true and correct, and that we
are authorized to act on behalf of Take-Two Interactive as owner of the Grand Theft Auto [CR - Apps] : VIDEOGAME : The application at issue contains copyrighted elements from Grand Theft Auto used without authorization from the IP owner.. We have a good faith belief that
this use of the Infringing Content in the URL is not authorized by Take-Two Interactive as the owner of the Grand Theft Auto [CR - Apps] : VIDEOGAME : The application at issue contains copyrighted elements from Grand Theft Auto used without authorization from the IP owner.
or its agents, nor is such use permissible by law. Use of such Infringing Content in the URL is not
defensible.

Since you are hosting the URL containing the Infringing Content, we request that you immediately
disable or suspend such URL without delay. We would appreciate your resolving this matter as soon as
possible and confirming that you have done so within the next seven (7) days. We reserve the right to
take whatever action we consider appropriate to protect our rights and nothing contained in this Notice is
intended to constitute a waiver of any of Take-Two Interactive’s legal rights or remedies, all of which are hereby expressly
reserved.

Please let us know if you need any additional information.

Sincerely,

The Tracer [private]  
(on behalf of Take-Two Interactive)

[private]

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

We hereby notify you on behalf of Take-Two Interactive, and its affiliated companies (collectively,
“Take-Two Interactive”) that the following URL(s) (the “URL”) which you are hosting contains content (the “Infringing Content”)
which infringes the copyright, intellectual property rights, goodwill and reputation of Take-Two Interactive, including the following copyright
(the “Grand Theft Auto [CR - Apps] : VIDEOGAME : The application at issue contains copyrighted elements from Grand Theft Auto used without authorization from the IP owner.”) owned by Take-Two Interactive, found on Take-Two Interactive website at https://www.take2games.com/:

URL(s):  
https://github.com/theartemmaps1/gtasa_src

Copyright: Grand Theft Auto [CR - Apps] : VIDEOGAME : The application at issue contains copyrighted elements from Grand Theft Auto used without authorization from the IP owner.  
https://www.rockstargames.com/gta-v

Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc.  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/theartemmaps1/gtasa_src

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

No

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
[private], Tracer  
[private]  
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
