Dear team,

We are a [private] (Accenture [private] - [private]) part of Accenture responsible for providing incident response and security services to all organizations involved in the financial sector, and critical infrastructure in the public and private sectors of Mexico. We have been notified of the URL:

https://github.com/mhondar/cucumber-ruby-watir-automation-framework/

The previous repository has code that references the department of retail of "Ripley". On the description it affirms to be an automatized repository for ripley[.]com (if you type that domain in your browser, it will lead you to the official website of Retail of Ripley in [private] https://simple.ripley.cl/), however, Ripley and their 4 brands (Banco Ripley and Ripley Retail from [private] and [private]) doesn't recognize this content as part of the activities of their workers and partners, meaning that the repository is infringing their rights. Plus, the repository has a lot of screenshots where you can see a replica of the legitimate website of the department of Ripley's retail and the code seem to be designed to create a website using the logo and the brand's name of Ripley, please note that the above mentioned repository is still ACTIVE.

Accenture [private] - [private] trusts that your team values the safety and security of legitimate Internet users and will cooperate fully in taking whatever action is necessary to stop this fraud. We kindly ask you to:

·         Immediately remove the content under the above mentioned domain from your server or at least block access to it.

·         Preserve the evidence concerning this attack (logs, files, etc.) for legal and law enforcement issues.

If you consider it necessary, we can provide more information.

1.  A physical or electronic signature of the copyright owner or a person authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf (the "Claimant")

Name of the person authorized to act: [private]

“I have taken fair use into consideration."

[private] 

2. Identification of the copyrighted work(s) claimed to have been infringed. It’s available at: https://buscadormarcas.inapi.cl/Marca/BuscarMarca.aspx under the registry number 996858

[private] 

The official website of Ripley is available at: https://inversionistas.ripley.com/Spanish/Inicio/ and https://simple.ripley.cl/

[private]

3. The works that we identified, or we claim it has infringed contains internal code of Ripley which is use as infrastructure source :

The reported URL contains internal code of Ripley that is related to client process and it can´t be out of internal tools sharing this media to public may put in danger Ripley infrastructure   
https://github.com/mhondar/cucumber-ruby-watir-automation-framework/

[private]

4. Description about the person to act:  
My name is: [private], employee of Accenture [private] - [private] | [private] | [private] | [private] |

5. A statement that the claimant has a good faith belief that use of the disputed material is not authorized by the copyright owner or his agent

I have a good faith belief that the use of the described material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or by operation of law.

6.  A statement, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification of copyright infringement is accurate and that the Claimant is authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.

The information in this notice is accurate and I swear under penalty of perjury that I am the copyright owner or a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.


Kind regards,  
Accenture [private] - [private] TEAM
