While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am the [private] and [private] of Marmelab, a [private] IT company selling developer tools in SaaS. One of the tools we sell is React-Admin Enterprise Edition, a set of paid modules built on top of the open-source framework react-admin, which we also develop and maintain. We use [private] to store the source code of both the open-source and Enterprise Editions of react-admin. We also use GitHub's private npm [private] to distribute the private modules.

The Enterprise Edition packages are not open-source. We hold the copyright on these packages, and the terms & conditions of the Enterprise Edition forbid republishing.

The Enterprie Edition modules are named:

* ra-ai  
* ra-audit-log  
* ra-calendar  
* ra-datagrid-ag  
* ra-editable-datagrid  
* ra-enterprise  
* ra-form-layout  
* ra-history  
* ra-json-schema-form  
* ra-markdown  
* ra-navigation  
* ra-preferences  
* ra-rbac  
* ra-realtime  
* ra-relationships  
* ra-search  
* ra-tour  
* ra-tree  

We first published these modules in 2020, and we've been publishing regular updates ever since.

- The company website (mentions react-admin): https://marmelab.com/en/  
- react-admin open-source on GitHub (under the marmelab organization): https://github.com/marmelab/react-admin  
- react-admin enterprise edition website: https://react-admin-ee.marmelab.com/  
- react-admin Enterprise Edition private [private]: [private]  
- react-admin Enterprise Edition npm packages: [private]  
- react-admin Enterprise Edition terms & conditions: https://react-admin-ee.marmelab.com/MARMELAB_Services_Terms_2025_01_29.pdf

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

GitHub user yuripz has reposted our content without authorization in an open-source repository:

https://github.com/yuripz/Bus-Admin.v02/tree/main/packages

All the react-admin packages are republished as a .tgz archive:

* react-admin-ra-ai-4.0.9.tgz  
* react-admin-ra-audit-log-4.1.2.tgz  
* react-admin-ra-calendar-5.1.1.tgz  
* react-admin-ra-datagrid-ag-4.1.0.tgz  
* react-admin-ra-editable-datagrid-4.6.4.tgz  
* react-admin-ra-enterprise-7.1.0.tgz  
* react-admin-ra-form-layout-4.9.7.tgz  
* react-admin-ra-history-4.0.0.tgz  
* react-admin-ra-json-schema-form-2.1.0.tgz  
* react-admin-ra-markdown-4.2.0.tgz  
* react-admin-ra-navigation-4.9.6.tgz  
* react-admin-ra-preferences-1.4.4.tgz  
* react-admin-ra-rbac-4.5.2.tgz  
* react-admin-ra-realtime-4.5.3.tgz  
* react-admin-ra-relationships-4.5.13.tgz  
* react-admin-ra-search-4.6.0.tgz  
* react-admin-ra-tour-4.1.0.tgz  
* react-admin-ra-tree-4.5.0.tgz  

This is a serious infrigement of our copyrighted material.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

All the files under the packages directory should be removed

https://github.com/yuripz/Bus-Admin.v02/tree/main/packages

Since git keeps a history of past files, the user should probably delete the entire repository to avoid our property to be available via git refs.

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

Only active subscribers to the React-admin Enterprise Edition can access our npm registry at https://registry.marmelab.com.   Subscribers can login to that npm registry (see https://react-admin-ee.marmelab.com/setup).  
Each time a user makes a request to our npm package, we check the validity of their credentials and of their subscription. If both are valid, we proxy the call to GitHub's private npm repository, using a unique access token that is never revealed to the user.  
The code for our registry, which shows the technological measures in place, is on [private]: [private]

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

Any developer without an active React-Admin Enterprise Edition subsciption can download our private packages by cloning the repository https://github.com/yuripz/Bus-Admin.v02

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Based on https://github.com/yuripz/Bus-Admin.v02/forks, we haven't found any fork.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Repository can be made private

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Telephone number: [private]  
Address: MARMELAB [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
