To: GitHub, Inc.  
Address: [private]  
Email: [private] and [private]  

Date: [private]

Dear GitHub DMCA Agent, 

I am [private] for Zebra Technologies corporation, the copyright owner of the copyright for the Zebra Battery Programmer content described below. I am writing to request the removal of the infringing content from your platform in accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA).

1. Description of the copyrighted work: Zebra-written software and proprietary documentation related to programming Zebra Batteries written by a former employee and posted to a public GitHub inadvertently and in violation of our copyrights and employee policies https://github.com/SC3228/BatteryProgrammer Many documents and notices in the code show that this is Zebra-copyrighted content.

2. Location of the infringing material: https://github.com/SC3228/BatteryProgrammer

3. Statement of good faith belief: I have a good faith belief that the use of the copyrighted material described above is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.  Many documents in the directories and notices in the code show that this is Zebra-copyrighted content.

4. Statement of accuracy: I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

5. Contact information: [private], [private] for Zebra Technologies Corporation with its headquarters at [private]

 

Please remove or disable access to the infringing material as soon as possible. Thank you for your prompt attention to this matter.

 

Sincerely,

[private]  
[private]  
ZEBRA TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION  
[private] [private]  
www.zebra.com
