**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am the [private] and [private] of the code.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

[private] hold a legal US copyright for the Growbot code which he has cracked and stolen, and is selling on your platform.

Here is my listing on the Chrome Web Store with the real extension, which you can see has been up for years and has many thousands of users and good reviews.  

https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/growbot-automator-for-ins/abhcgokmndbiegmmbjffdlpihgdmeejf

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/adrianarielacosta10/Growbot_Insta

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content?**

No

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken fair use into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  

[private]  
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
