**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**  

I am [private]of Panopta LLC, which is the copyright holder.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  

A fork of our private repo has been published at https://github.com/appcelerator-forks/finalchance.Panopta. All of the files in that repo are proprietary source code for our internal applications covered under our copyright and should have never been made public - they were apparently accidentally made public by a contractor that created a fork of our repository. Not all of the files in that repository contain a specific copyright statement, but see for example https://github.com/appcelerator-forks/finalchance.Panopta/blob/master/MainComponents/checker/Checker.py and https://github.com/appcelerator-forks/finalchance.Panopta/blob/master/MainComponents/controlpanel/ControlPanel/controllers.py which contain our copyright statement.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**  

The entire repository at https://github.com/appcelerator-forks/finalchance.Panopta

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  

Yes, we have not found any other forks at this point.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  

No, this repository contains our private code, it is not open sourced.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  

No, the entire repository should be removed.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**  

The repo owner looks to be [private], his email contact is on that page. We've tried contacting him directly but so far have not received a response.  

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  

I have read the entire DMCA submission guide.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  

Phone: [private]  
Physical: [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  

[private]
