**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**  

Yes, I'm [private] of Running with Crayons Ltd. We develop Alfred for Mac, and have been made aware by our users that a number of hacked versions have been made available via Github. These versions contravene our licensing system to allow users to get the paid version for free.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  

Alfred is a productivity application for Mac (quite popular amongst GitHub staff in fact!), and you can download it from https://www.alfredapp.com

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**  

https://github.com/musibii/Alfred3Powerpack  
https://github.com/github-jinwei/Alfred3Powerpack  

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  

No further forks at this time, as far as I can see.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  

No, this is commercial software not intended for open source sharing.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  

Full removal.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**  

No, we do not have the contact details of these users.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  

"I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  

"I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  

Yes, we've read the guide and spoken to GitHub friends to discuss this.  

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  

Email is preferable, but [private] ([private] business hours) if necessary  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  

[private]  
