**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**  
I, [private] an employee of Wipro Limited, being the copyright owner of the infringing code, am authorized to act on behalf of Wipro.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
I would like to request a Take-down under the DMCA, of Wipro project code posted on your platform by a user. Wipro Limited is the sole proprietor of the code, being of confidential nature.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**
Please find below the link to the infringing code:  
1. https://github.com/hackrade/hacker/blob/12afc9d629525688cdee6178653c74865bdab629/index.html

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
No

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
The code is not under any Open Source License, and is of confidential nature.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  
I request you to remove the code. If the code is not removed from the platform and is freely available to public, then Wipro Limited will face unquantifiable damages.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
We have not been able to detect or have any information about the alleged infringer.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  
"I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
I have read the Take-down Notice submission guide provided at https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
[private]  
