**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**

I'm [private] for LiteHQ ( http://litehq.me/ ) and I'm reporting this on behalf of LiteHQ.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Now since our is being developed since 2016. Many developers worldwide has worked on the app for smaller modules of larger issues. And code for the App is copyrighted to liteHQ only. we do have a private repo for the same but someone also have put the contents on a public repository on github. the URL for the same is: https://github.com/reactdev1029/LiteHQ. these are all copyrighted code for liteHQ and cannot be published anywhere over the internet so I request you to please remove this repo from the same.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**

Whole repository is copyrighted contents for our App: https://github.com/reactdev1029/LiteHQ

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

We weren't able to find any forks but there are 0 Forks to the repo. But if you find some please let me know thought my account might have couple of repositories for the same project which is backup and ongoing work but anything except of the my Account should be taken down.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No, It's not Open Source Project. It's a Private copyrighted contents.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

nope, Only removal would be best. since we don't want our private contents be available to anyone who isn't a part of our team.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**

No we just got this repository URL over Github.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

yes I do read the DMCA takedown notice guidelines.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

Mobile Number: +[private] or you can reach me on [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[private]
( on Behalf of LiteHQ )=
