**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**  
Yes, I'm the owner.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**  
All of the files need to be takedown.
My repo was forked and never changed in this repo: https://github.com/kuainiao/yiyang  
But I found some sensitive configuration code was pushed. For example: https://github.com/kuainiao/yiyang/blob/master/config/config.php  
I have removed my repo, but I can't contact the guy who forked my repo.  

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
Yes, I have searched. Only this repo: https://github.com/kuainiao/yiyang

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
I didn't setup any open source license for my original repo.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  
I think the best solution is to remove this repo: https://github.com/kuainiao/yiyang . The sesitive code is very dangerous to my business.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
No, sorry I made a mistake that pushed the code that should not be pushed to public repo.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**    
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**    
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**    
Yes, I have read the notice and confirmed.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**    
My telephone number is [private], my physical address is : [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
[private]
