**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**  
Yes, i am [private] and the autothorized person of these files. The other owners are [private] and [private]. So therefor i speak on their behalf and for my own.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
The original work is the files used for NoLifeRP.dk's FiveM server. All of these files have been in a private repository on gitlab at [private]. These files have been decrypted, used and redistributed without any of the creators consent. As you can see in many of the __resource.lua files, it has the signature of our server (No Life RP in ascii art).   Furthermore the repository is even called "NolifeDump" and the readme says it is custom scripts from nolife. Here are some screens of our private repo at gitlab, to prove that the code has been stolen:  
[private]

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**  
This hole dump from our FiveM (GTA V) server https://github.com/Dumpstar/NolifeDump  
We are the author of the original scripts and therefore we don’t want the publicity to have it.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
Yes, this is not forked but a cache decrypted client sided dump of our FiveM server called Noliferp.  
https://www.noliferp.dk/

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
They are under the license of fiveM. Link: https://runtime.fivem.net/fivem-service-agreement-2.pdf  
“7. Game Servers (listed on the Game Services, or otherwise utilized using FiveM) may download content (hereafter “User Generated Content”) to, or run computer code on the Users’ device. The User Generated Content is copyrighted by their respective owner, and the provider of Game Servers asserts that they are authorized to transfer said content to the Users, and, allows CitizenFX to distribute, adapt and/or modify the User Generated Content through automated systems.”

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  
No, we want it removed totally from github and maybe the user banned. We can see that the user made the profile only to share these files. He don’t use his own nickname and says he come from [private]. Therefor we see it as an fake account and we want it all deleted

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
The only link is this to his github, we would like to know his email or any other contact info if possible
https://github.com/Dumpstar

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
I can confirm that i have read them and understood them.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
[private], [private].  
[private]   
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
[private]
