**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**    
YES  

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
ALL CONTENT ON THE WEBSITE FOUND AT URL WWW.GYMSHARK.COM AND ALL ASSOCIATED SUB DOMAINS  

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**  
https://github.com/vinnyhoward/gymshark-website-clone The whole repository is infringing - by definition the files allow a user to replicate the whole of our website SOose contents are protected by copyright. The user is also infringing our trade marks and/or passing off ATTACHED IS AN EMAIL WITH SCREEN SHOTS SHOWING FILES THAT CONTAIN OUR COPYRIGHT CONTENT SUCH OUR SHARK LOGO. THE FILES ALSO ENABLE ANYONE TO CLONE OUR SITE. ALL THE FILES ARE LIKE THIS SO THEY SHOULD ALL BE REMOVED  

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  

No, although we have found other users that may have infringing repo's under search "gymshark" on github

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? NO If so, which open source license?**  
NOT APPLICABLE 

**Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**    
NOT APPLICABLE

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  
IMMEDIATE AND PERMANENT TAKEDOWN AND PROVISION TO US OF FULL CONTACT DETAILS OF THE INFRINGER

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
[private] - [private]  

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  
"I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: ""I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**    
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
CONFIRMED

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
[private]

"I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
[private] Gymshark Limited

[private]  
[private]| Gymshark Ltd.  
Phone: [private]  
Web:gymshark.com
