Hello dear Github:

I am a java programmer. It is nice to be able to use Github such a professional and efficient platform, and now I have a need to be very hopefully able to get Github's support and resolution.

I have read and understand Github's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

I created a Repository call gittest2 in this year , I posted the company code to the Repository , which contained creators ,contents and domain are all owned by the company, Later fund that before I deleted , the user named hctwgl and frankzhuo completely forked my entire Repository ,and it still exists.

The following is Github's URL and Screenshots about my forked Repository:

https://github.com/hctwgl/gittest2

https://github.com/frankzhuo/gittest2

since frankzhuo and hctwgl contains the companys's important source code, algorithm and system configuration   information,belonging to the company's internal data assets,  
so we hope Github as soon as possible to help us completely remove frankzhuo/gittest2 and hctwgl/gittest2 and thank you very much!

The following is my contact information:

My e-mail Address : [private]  
Cellphone : [private]  
Company Name : private

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent ,or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

AND "Also include the following statement:" I swear , under penalty of perjury , that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner.of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Hoping for your repsonse , I am really worried. and thanks again.

e-mail:[private]  
phone-number : [private]  
name:[private]
