**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**

I am authorized to act on Nike's behalf.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

This repository contains a fork from code that was developed under contract with Nike and should not be in the public domain. It appears no changes have been made to the code since the fork. In addition, some files in the repo contain valid usernames, passwords and password hashes. We have already submitted a DMCA notice for the code this was forked from.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**

https://github.com/darren0609/mft

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

I could not find further forks from this repo.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

The work is not licensed under an open source license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

The code should be removed from Github.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**

We do not have contact information for the user who made this fork.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

My direct cell number is [private].

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[private]
