[private],

Here is another DMCA takedown notice:

1. "I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice."

2. If you are alleging that the hosted content is a direct, literal copy
of your work, you can also just explain that fact.  
Answer: Our content is currently hosted at https://saffron.vc as we are
going to be rolling out our public beta soon. The hosted content on the
following repositories is a direct, literal copy of our work.   
Python-Django-Backend is an exact copy of our backend and also includes our
sensitive credentials for many of our APIs and other features.  
https://github.com/seniordev2012/Python-Django-Backend  
https://github.com/seniordev2012/collaboration-platform

3. Identify the material that you allege is infringing the copyrighted
work listed in item #2, above.  
https://github.com/seniordev2012/Python-Django-Backend  
https://github.com/seniordev2012/collaboration-platform

4. Explain what the affected user would need to do in order to remedy the
infringement.  
Answer: The user needs to delete the entire repositories which are direct
copies of our entire code architecture. This is the second time now that
he is posting copyright infringing material on GitHub. *Now he is doing it
under another username*, this needs to be stopped. He exposes our
credentials as well as our intellectual property. So he is infringing on
copyright as well as posing a huge security risk.

5. Email: [private]  
Name: [private]  
Telephone number: [private]  
Address: [private]

6. Infringer Github Username: seniordev2012

7. "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials
described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the
copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into
consideration."

8. "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed."

9.
[private]

Please try to expedite this request as soon as possible, as the copyrighted
material that has been infringed upon, also contains very sensitive
information in some parts of the files, which are detrimental to the
security of our company.

Thank you for your help.

Best Regards,

[private]
