I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**

I am authorized to act on Nike's behalf.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

This repository contains code that was developed under contract with Nike and should not be in the public domain. If anywhere, these should have been uploaded to Nike's enterprise github instance. In addition, some files contain valid usernames, passwords and password hashes. The contractor involved no longer has a relationship with Nike and we have no way to contact him to take the repo down.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**

https://github.com/vijay7770/mft  
https://github.com/vijay7770/devtest-db  
https://github.com/vijay7770/AirCompare

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

I could not find forks for these repos.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

The work is not licensed under an open source license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

The code should be removed from Github or moved to Nike's enterprise github.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**

No, the last e-mail address I have for the infringer is [private] but he no longer works for Nike and doesn't have access to the mailbox.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

My direct cell number is [private].

My physical address is:  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[private]
