To Whom It May Concern:

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

I am [private], a representative of Sungrow, and I am reaching out to request the removal of copyrighted content that has been posted without authorization on GitHub.

Identify the copyrighted work:  
The content in question is Sungrow's proprietary firmware, which contains our company's confidential and copyrighted intellectual property. This firmware is distributed only to authorized clients under specific licensing terms.

 

Identify the infringing content:  
The infringing content can be found at:  
https://github.com/sungrow-firmware/firmware

[private]  
[private]  

Explain what needs to be done to remedy the infringement:  
The entire repository needs to be removed as it contains our proprietary firmware that is not authorized for public distribution.

 

Contact Information:  
Name: [private]  
Email: [private]  
Company: Sungrow  
Mailing Address: Sungrow Americas HQ  
                 [private]  
                 [private]  

Phone Number: [private]  

Required Statements:  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.
 
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Additional Request:  
I kindly request that GitHub provide us with the information of the individual who uploaded this content, if possible.

 

Sincerely,  
[private]  
