Dear GitHub staff,

My name is [private] and I am the [private] of [private] of Sungrow Power Supply Co., Ltd. ("Sungrow"). I write to provide notification under Section 512(c) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") of unauthorized use of Sungrow's copyrighted software and documentation, and to seek the removal of the infringing material from your servers. I am authorized to provide this notice by Sungrow. I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

On November 2, 2024, I sent an email to [private] requesting the removal of the proprietary and confidential firmware for Sungrow's products identified in the following repository:  
* [private]

See Ticket ID No. 3078157. That repository was subsequently removed by GitHub. Upon further investigation, we have identified three forks of this repository and believe that they are also infringing. The following list of forks show that they have never been updated and are infringing to the same extent as the parent repository:  
* https://github.com/SnoperMZx/firmware  
* https://github.com/systemtraderm/firmware  
* https://github.com/VolkerH/firmware

The best solution for this infringement is the removal of the reported content. The affected users need to delete the infringing material in its entirety to remedy the infringement.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration. I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Please find my contact information below:  
* Name: [private]  
* Email: [private]  
* Tel.: [private]  
* Address: [private]  

In my previous request, I provided the address and phone number of Sungrow's U.S. subsidiary for GitHub's convenience:  
* Address: [private]  
* Tel.: [private]

Unfortunately, I do not have the contact information for the alleged infringers beyond their GitHub usernames: SnoperMZx, systemtraderm, and VolkerH.

Thank you for your prompt attention to this matter.

Sincerely,  
[private]
