**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

Yes

**Please provide the Zendesk ticket number of your previously submitted notice. Zendesk ticket numbers are 7 digit ID numbers located in the subject line or body of your confirmation email.**

#3091416

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Pantone is the sole and exclusive owner of numerous intellectual property rights comprising copyrights (and “PANTONE” Trademark registrations). All of the published information on the cited github.com web page are Pantone LLC's proprietary color libraries (e.g., PANTONE SkinTone, PANTONE F+H cotton TCX, etc.) copied from Pantone LLC’s physical and digital solutions. No Pantone LLC license was granted for this purpose.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

As noted above, as an example, one of many of Pantone LLC’s proprietary color libraries shown on Github.com is a copy of our PANTONE SkinTone range. Our PANTONE SkinTone offering is available here on our website: https://www.pantone.com/skintone The posting on Gifthub.com negates the need for customer to purchase the color solution from Pantone. This situation is the same for all of the other Pantone LLC color libraries shown on Github.com – they are copies of our original work. We ask that all cited content on Github.com be taken down based on infringement of Pantone LLC’s intellectual property rights.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

GitHub - [Autocrit/Pantone-color-libraries](https://github.com/Autocrit/Pantone-color-libraries): Pantone color libraries as .acb files for Photoshop etc

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

No

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Pantone LLC  
[private]  
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
