To: Github (hereinafter referred to as "you")
 
 
Guangdong Dunyuan Law Firm (hereinafter referred to as the "Firm") was appointed as attorney by Proxima Beta Pte. Limited. The Firm appoint the [private] to send this cease-and-desist letter to you with regard to the infringement occurred on your platform.

Proxima Beta Pte. Limited has operated a mobile game named NIKKE (official website https://nikke-kr.com) and enjoy the right to protect the software from any infringement which may undermined its intellectual property rights and other legitimate rights and interests.

After investigation, it was found that users on your platform had disassembled and disseminated the static data of the NIKKE game, and that the said game data belonged to commercial information that Proxima  had not voluntarily disclosed, and was part of Proxima 's undisclosed business plan, and was a legally protected commercial secret, and that the users on your platform had obtained and disseminated the commercial information that Proxima  had not voluntarily disclosed, which had seriously hampered the operation layout of the NIKKE game by Proxima , suspected of infringing on Proxima 's commercial secrets.

The infringement links and screenshots are as follows:

https://github.com/jarari/ButtGame

       In view of the above, we voluntarily make the following commitments:

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.

I have taken fair use into consideration.

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice.



      The contact details are as follows： 

      Email address：[private]

      Name：Guangdong Dunyuan Law Firm

      The submitter：[private]

      Telephone numbe：[private]

     Physical address：[private]



In view of the above facts and applicable laws, Proxima Beta Pte. Limited hereby formally ask you to:

1. Cease and desist the copyright infringement immediately;

2. Take down or remove the infringement links immediately if the content was uploaded by a user of other third party;

3. Proxima Beta Pte. Limited reserves the right to take further legal action if you do not cease the desist the copyright infringement.

Thank you for your cooperation.

 

Guangdong Dunyuan Law Firm

[private]

Contact information: [private]
