Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

Dear GitHub DMCA Agent,

I have read and understand GitHub’s Guide to Submitting a DMCA Notice. This letter serves as a formal request for the removal of infringing content hosted on GitHub as detailed below.

1. Identification of the Copyrighted Work

The copyrighted work in question is the Vidi app, a paid iOS/iPadOS application owned by Plata o Plomo AB, an EU-registered company. This app is available for purchase and download on the Apple App Store at the following URL:  
https://apps.apple.com/se/app/vidi-media-center/id6648776878?l=en-GB

2. Identification of the Infringing Material

The repository hosting the infringing content is located at the following URL:  
https://github.com/apptesters-org/Repo

This repository contains binaries, including IPA archives of the Vidi app, which directly infringe upon the copyrighted work owned by Plata o Plomo AB. Specifically, the following URL hosts an unauthorized copy of the Vidi app:

https://github.com/apptesters-org/Repo/releases/download/27-10-2024/Vidi_1.8.0_@thisismanpreets_apptesters.org.ipa

Important Note:  
Every binary in this repository infringes upon the copyright of one entity or another. The example above highlights an instance where my company’s copyright has been directly violated. If it is not possible to take down the entire repository, I request that at a minimum, my copyrighted property be removed.

3. Actions Required to Remedy the Infringement

To remedy the infringement, I request the removal of the infringing repository and all associated files. If this is not feasible, I request the removal of at least the specific infringing material that I have identified above.

4. Contact Information

Your Name: [private]  
Company: Plata o Plomo AB  
Email Address: [private]  
Telephone Number: [private]  
Physical Address: [private]  

5. Contact Information for the Alleged Infringer

GitHub Username: apptesters-org

6. Good Faith Statement

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

7. Accuracy and Authority Statement

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

8. Acknowledgment of GitHub’s Guide

I have read and understand GitHub’s Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice.

9. Signature

[private]  
(Physical or electronic signature)

Please process this request promptly to prevent further infringement of our intellectual property.

Sincerely,  
[private]  
Plata o Plomo AB
