
Dear GitHub Copyright Agent:

I, the undersigned, state UNDER PENALTY OF PERJURY that:

[1] I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

[2] Copyrighted work I believe has been infringed: Among other things, Qualcomm's confidential and proprietary source code for mobile phone software, and confidential documents which Qualcomm shares with third parties only under NDA or similar contract. The names of the folders used by the posting parties makes it patently clear that the materials are Qualcomm-specifically by the confidentiality and copyright statements of Qualcomm and Qualcomm Technologies Incorporated in nearly every file in the path name of the repository. The folders contain numerous files which appear to be direct, literal copies of Qualcomm's work.

[3] Material I allege is infringing the copyrighted work listed in item #2: Please act expeditiously to remove the following repositories and branches, each of which infringes Qualcomm's rights by reproducing substantial portions of Qualcomm's confidential and proprietary source code and software documentation:

https://github.com/Crankish/Modem_proc

https://github.com/Crankish/Test_BD/blob/master/Note/80-nf124-1_d_presentation%253A_ims_volte_overview%252C_call_flows%252C_and_log_analysis.pdf

https://github.com/Crankish/Test_BD/blob/master/Note/80-pc414-1_b_ims_registration_call_flows_and_log_analysis.pdf

[4] The affected user requires a license from Qualcomm to possess a copy of the files. The affected user should contact Qualcomm at <[private]> to confirm authorization and/or a license to possess a copy of the subject copyrighted files. But under no circumstances is the user authorized to make these files publicly available, and addition of a statement of attribution is insufficient to remedy the infringement.

[5] I May Be Contacted At:

Name of Injured Party : Qualcomm Technologies, Inc.  
Name and Title: [private]  
Company: Qualcomm Incorporated  
Address: 5775 Morehouse Dr.  
City, State, and Zip: San Diego, CA 92121  
Email address: [private]  
Telephone: [private]

[6] Contact information for the alleged infringer: UNKNOWN.

[7] I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

[8] I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Truthfully,

[private]  
Qualcomm Incorporated  
5775 Morehouse Drive  
San Diego, California 92121-1714  
[private]  
[private] fax
