5/15/2018

To Whom This May Concern,

My name is [private]. I am the [private] at Takedown Czar (http://www.takedownczar.com).

We provide anti-piracy and intellectual property protection services for the client(s) listed below and have been authorized to act as a non-exclusive copyright agent to resolve this matter.

To confirm our relationship with our client(s) and for confirmation that we are acting with their permission you can contact our client directly at:

American Mathematical Society - 201 Charles Street, Providence, RI, 02904, United States

It has come to our attention that the website github.com which is hosted on your company’s servers is unlawfully distributing our client(s) copyrighted material.

A DNS lookup confirms that github.com is hosted on the IP Address 192.30.255.113 which matches your company.

github.com is unlawfully distributing our client(s) copyrighted ebooks.

Here is a list of the copyright works which are being infringed upon.

Algebra: Chapter 0 - http://bookstore.ams.org/gsm-104/  

We have provided an example of work for you to verify that the products in question are the lawful property of our client(s).  

The specific link(s) which are in direct violation of DMCA as well as international IPR laws are:  

https://github.com/dhutchis/aluffi/blob/master/solutions.pdf  
https://github.com/dhutchis/aluffi/blob/master/solutions.tex  

Our client(s) have not given their permission for github.com to distribute their copyrighted material.  

We have tried to contact the site owner of github.com to ask him/her to remove these infringing URL(s) but our requests have been ignored.

I have a good faith belief that use of the afore mentioned material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agents, or the law.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and I am fully authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Be aware that if you ignore this notice, you (as a Provider covered by the Digital Millennium Copyright Act) forfeit the Act's immunity from monetary damages, which range from $750 to $30,000 per work infringed and up to $150,000 per work for willful infringement. Attorney's fees and costs can also be recovered.

We very much hope that it won't come to this and that this situation can be resolved quickly.

I trust you will take immediate action to remove the offending link(s) from your servers and request that you contact me at the e-mail [private] within 24 - 48 hours to let me know the actions you have taken to resolve this matter.

Thank you for your assistance and I look forward to hearing from you soon.

Regards,

[private]  

Signed on this day, 5/15/2018

For more information, contact:

14 Floor China Hong Kong Tower, 8 Hennessy Road; Hong Kong, Wanchai  
TEL: [private]  
EMAIL: [private]  

Case ID: [private]
