Good Afternoon,

I have read and understand GitHub’s Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

The work in question is a file with BMO Financial Group source code in user BMOQA's repository “BMO_Automation_Framework.” Specifically, this code exposes BMO credentials (username and password) as well as other potential source code that puts the organization at risk.

The infringement consists of the information contained at: https://github.com/BMOQA/BMO_Automation_Framework, which reproduces and publicly posts BMO Financial Group information.

The file located at this URL contains proprietary information that belongs to BMO Financial Group, and the original poster had no known legal authority to share this information publicly. This information is confidential and proprietary to BMO Financial Group, was posted on GitHub without company authorization, and potentially poses a security and privacy risk to the company.

We request that the user takes down the fully identified repository.

Contact information for the user is via GitHub user account BMOQA (no user contact information / readme is listed).

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Kind Regards,  
[private]  
[private]


[private]

[private]

[private]

T: [private] | M: [private]

E: [private] | W: www.brandprotect.com
