**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
Yes

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
Repository violating copyright: https://github.com/FoxSeaSha/OnePage-Donate/  
and fork https://github.com/MicroNovaX/OnePage-Donate  
This is my project with only a couple of files that have changed without my permission  

Original repository (private): [private]  
Original site: https://ldonate.ru/  
Video with comparison of repositories: [private]  
FILE LIST: [private]  

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**  
https://github.com/FoxSeaSha/OnePage-Donate/  
and fork https://github.com/MicroNovaX/OnePage-Donate  

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
Over 90% of this is my original code  
Video with comparison of repositories: [private]  
FILE LIST:[private]  

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
This project - a product that is sold on the site whileteam.ru and following his license (https://ldonate.ru/info/license) it is forbidden to distribute in the public.  
Part of license (on English):  
1. It is forbidden to use the script without the purchased license from the present author of the script (https://kobaltmr.me/ | https://whileteam.ru/).  
2. It is forbidden to resell the script and send people who do not have a license for the script.  
3. It is forbidden to modify or delete (hide) the script's copyright in any form.  
4. It is forbidden to create your own scripts or web services based on part of the code or the entire script.  
5. It is forbidden to modify / manipulate and other actions with parts of the code that are responsible for verifying the license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  
I will be quite remote repository

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
No

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
I have read and agree

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
[private]  
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**    
[private]  
