**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
Yes, [private] all of these applications

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
All of them are plugins written in java for Minecraft bedrock edition server software nukkit. And they are for server network GameTeam.cz unfortunately they aren't posted anywhere and this was a security mistake. But I could provide original source code if needed.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**    
https://github.com/majovec/TajnaMyskaVec2/blob/master/Annihilation.jarr 
https://github.com/majovec/TajnaMyskaVec2/blob/master/GTAnticheat.jar  
https://github.com/majovec/TajnaMyskaVec2/blob/master/GTGadgets.jar  
https://github.com/majovec/TajnaMyskaVec2/blob/master/GTGlobalCore.jar  
https://github.com/majovec/TajnaMyskaVec2/blob/master/MTCore%20-%20minigame.jar  

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
Probably any fork doesn't exist yet

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
They aren't probably

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  
Block public access to this repository, this user has done the same thing in the past and some of their repositories have been taken down already.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
I do not know him personally. But he contacted me on facebook and his facebook is

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
[private]  
