**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**

Yes.



**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**



The source code displayed at the below-listed URLs is copyrighted material that belongs to our client, Ford Motor Company ('Ford"). The source code also constitutes a Ford trade secret and has been posted on GitHub in violation of a nondisclosure agreement or similar contractual provision, as Ford does not disclose such material to anyone who is not bound by such a contractual provision.



**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**



The content displayed at the following locations:

https://github.com/lsreeram-ford/mirror_cn_pipeline/blob/master/lincolnway/Fastfile-original

https://github.com/Ford-CVPP/Mobile_AutoTest/



**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**



I am not sure at this juncture.



**Is the work licensed under an open source license?** No.



**If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?** Not applicable.



**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?** No. Removal is the only remedy acceptable to Ford.




**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information?**

No. 

**If so, please provide it:** Not applicable.



I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.



I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.



**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/** Confirmed.



**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**



**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**



[private]  

Phillips Ryther & Winchester

[private]  

Direct [private]  

Email: [private]  
