**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**  
I am the copyright owner.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
GMLive is a paid, proprietary system that permits "live-coding" in GameMaker: Studio / GameMaker Studio 2 games ([marketplace 1](https://yellowafterlife.itch.io/gamemaker-live), [marketplace 2](https://marketplace.yoyogames.com/assets/5992/_), [technical explanation](https://yal.cc/introducing-gmlive-gml), [documentation](https://yal.cc/r/17/gmlive)).

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**  
The infringer is leaking my work into public access through a repository with an incompatible (GPL3/own proprietary) license.    
[private]  
https://github.com/lofcz/SimplexRpgEngine/blob/master/SimplexRPGEngine2/datafiles/gmlive-server.exe    
https://github.com/lofcz/SimplexRpgEngine/blob/master/SimplexRPGEngine2/datafiles/gmlive-server.n  

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
There are no public forks of this repository.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
The work is under a proprietary license, so this is in violation of it.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  
Amend the files from the related commit (c67a8a5f861291f0e934c144fd0db01b7df5876c), add the files to `.gitignore` to avoid further issues.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
GitHub username is @lofcz
I've been in contact with the infringer over the past few days (as they had originally also infringed on my other works) and they have repeatedly (since May 28) ignored my requests to address this issue while performing more copyright infringements. [private]  

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
I did.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**    
[private] (preferred), [private] (GitHub email)  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
[private]
