GitHub Inc  
Submit online @ https://github.com/contact/dmca-notice

DCMA takedown notice

Cheshire Datasystems Limited (CDL) is a provider of software solutions to the insurance
industry. CDL and CDL Group Holdings Limited owns or licences all intellectual property
rights in that software.

It has come to CDLs attention that extracts of code, written and owned by CDL and used in
its software, is currently being hosted in public repositories at
https://github.com/burnst96/temp and https://github.com/burnst96/temp2. For the sake of
clarity, the entire content of each of those repositories is CDL proprietary code.

CDL has not and does not permit any such publication of its proprietary code. The content
on GitHub is therefore unauthorised and infringing.

The user, Burnst96, is required to delete these repositories and disable any associated forks
that also contain CDL-owned content.

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice. I have a good faith
belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is
not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into
consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I
am authorised to act on behalf of the copyright owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly
infringed.

Submitted by  
[private]   
For and on behalf of  
[private]  
Cheshire Datasystems Limited

Contact for enquiries:  
[private]  
Email: [private]  
Tel: [private]
