**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**

Yes

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The application code posted is a portion of a private source code repository owned by Clientek Inc. Clientek retains all copyright to this application code, and has not authorized the release of this code to a public repository on GitHub. The application posted is the Android portion of an application that consists of an Azure back-end/web component and iOS and Android code. Although some very minor changes to the name of the application have been made, the source code contains both Clientek's name and namespaces. In addition the term "WOM" used in the source code indicates the original name of the application "Work Order Management"

This code is not and should not be posted publicly online.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**

https://github.com/rajandev17/ClientekMobile

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

Removal

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**

No

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

"I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

"I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

Confirmed

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

Clientek  
417 North Second Avenue  
Minneapolis, MN 55401  
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[private]
