**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**  
Yes.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  

https://github.com/SXiang/Selenium/find/master

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**  
https://github.com/SXiang/Selenium/blob/master/TestData/File/A_file_having_a_real_long_name_so_that_when_it_is_attached_dots_will_be_displayed_in_mail_attachment.txt contains the statement  
"This document contains valuable confidential and proprietary information of AOL. No part of this documentation may be transmitted or distributed, or copied, photocopied, scanned, reproduced, translated, microfilmed, or otherwise duplicated on any medium without written consent of AOL. If written consent is given, the same confidential, proprietary, and copyright notices must be affixed to any permitted copies as were affixed to the original"

https://github.com/SXiang/Selenium/blob/master/Config/System/JenkinsTestEnv.properties contains server addresses and account passwords.  
https://github.com/SXiang/Selenium/blob/c973fc5f732271133e8954cc12e43749cb21ee0f/TestData/Suite/hawkeye/SubAccounts.xls was identified by the security researcher as well.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, the entire repository is a singular unit of Aol's / Oath proprietary code, with sensitive information that needs to be removed.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**
no

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  
No changes, we are seeking removal of the aforementioned code.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
I do not have contact information .

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

"I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

"I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

I have read Github's Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
[private]
