We Content Management Systems LLC. Copyright enforcement agents of RCN TV,
on behalf of our clients reach out to you with the purpose of reporting
ongoing copyright violations that affect our client's exclusive rights.

Your user http://televisionlibre.net is not authorized to publish,
distribute or profit from RCN TV´s content in the United States nor in any
other country. We have attempted to contact this user many times, but have
not yet received any response to any of our past and present claims. We
contact you as the host, and hence responsible for the illegal distribution
of our content and ask for your immediate cooperation.

http://televisionlibre.net/'s actions are in complete violation of our
clients copyrights as well as the rules specified by your company's
copyrights violation policies and the laws considered under the Digital
Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA).

Therefore we hereby request the immediate takedown of the content published
by the user. This request is made in order to avoid further financial
damages to our clients and prevent unnecessary legal actions.

URL's found in copyright violation:

http://televisionlibre.net/mundial2.html

We thank you in advance for your assistance, and once again request that
you please immediately discontinue to host the reported content.

"I hereby state that I have a good faith belief that the disputed use of
the copyrighted material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its
agent, or the law (e.g., as a fair use)."

"I hereby and under penalty of perjury state, that the information in this
notice is accurate, that I am the owner, or am authorized to act on behalf
of the owner of the copyright that is infringed."

[private]
