**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
yes, I Hi, I work as a [private] at Yotme, and I am athorized to act on their behalf.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
We just discovered that user [johnsendaniel8974] has access to the source code without our authorization. We do not know who this is but we kindly ask to take down all of the private and public repositories under this account that are associated with Yotme Intellectual Property.

These are the public repositories that we found:  
johnsendaniel8974/yotme-client_latest_version  
johnsendaniel8974/yotme-api_lastest_version  
johnsendaniel8974/yotme_client_lib_files  

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**  
These are the public repositories that we found:  
johnsendaniel8974/yotme-client_latest_version  
johnsendaniel8974/yotme-api_lastest_version  
johnsendaniel8974/yotme_client_lib_files  

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
we do not see any other forks/copies

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
this is the IP of Yotme, Inc. and it is not licensed for copying/distribution without written consent

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  
removal as soon as possible

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
we only have the github account name: johnsendaniel8974

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
yes, I confirm.

My phone and address are:  
[private]

Sincerely,  
[private]
