Dear Sir or Madam:

I represent J.B. Hunt Transport, Inc. (“J.B. Hunt”), and I am sending this notice on its behalf. J.B. Hunt has reason to believe that a GitHub.com user named [private], or an individual working under that name, with the GitHub.com username of “krishna4b0,” has posted the code for J.B. Hunt’s proprietary and copyrighted software on GitHub.com, without J.B. Hunt’s knowledge or permission and in violation of confidentiality obligations.

The infringing material appears in the following GitHub.com repositories: https://github.com/krishna4b0/Carrier/tree/master/Carrier360 and https://github.com/krishna4b0/Shipper. The code posted in these repositories is confidential and comprises the entire application code base for the J.B. Hunt 360°® applications for motor carriers and shippers, respectively, which are proprietary software applications owned by J.B. Hunt. More information about these applications can be found through these links: http://www.jbhunt.com/technology/jb-hunt-360-overview/jb-hunt-360-carrier/ and http://www.jbhunt.com/technology/jb-hunt-360-overview/jb-hunt-360-shipper/.

The entire content posted in the above-referenced repositories infringes J.B. Hunt’s intellectual property rights. Therefore, J.B. Hunt requests that the contents of these repositories be immediately removed from public view and that all access be restricted and retained only for purposes of investigation, criminal or otherwise. This letter is an official notification under Section 512(c) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. This letter should also serve as notice to GitHub.com users that the use of J.B. Hunt’s confidential and proprietary code is a copyright violation. J.B. Hunt expressly reserves its right to assert any and all rights and to pursue any and all remedies that it may have in connection with the infringement of its proprietary software code on GitHub.com or other sources.

If you have any questions about this notice, you may contact me at the following postal address, email address, or telephone number:

[private]  
[private]  
P.O. Box 130  
Lowell, AR 72745  
[private]    
[private]  

Please confirm in writing to me, within three (3) days of your receipt of this notice, that the infringing content has been removed from public view on GitHub.com and retained as requested herein.

I have read and understand GitHub’s Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice. I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Sincerely,

[private]  
[private]
