Good afternoon:

I am [private] for Aetna, and am writing in regard to certain GitHub content that is confidential and proprietary to Aetna.

I have read and understand GitHub’s Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

The work in question is a file with Aetna source code in user svashisth’s repository “POC.” Specifically, this code exposes Aetna credentials (username and password) for message signing.

The infringement consists of the information contained at: https://github.com/svashisth/POC/blob/master/src/main/resources/spring/applicationContext-fsa-acclaris.xml, which reproduces and publicly posts Aetna information.

The file located at this URL contains proprietary information that belongs to Aetna, and the original poster had no known legal authority to share this information publicly. This information is confidential and proprietary to Aetna, was posted on GitHub without company authorization, and potentially poses a security and privacy risk to the company.

We request that the user takes down the file with extension: applicationContext-fsa-acclaris.xml.

Contact information for the user is via GitHub user account svashisth (no user contact information / readme is listed).

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Thank you!  
[/s] [private]  
[private]  
