**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**  
We represent Nintendo of America Inc. (“Nintendo”) in intellectual property matters.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
The link at the url below provides access to software which contains unauthorized use of Nintendo’s copyright protected Pokémon characters, sprites, icons, music and editing software. The copyright-protected material is part of Nintendo's Pokémon video game franchise, covered by at least the following: U.S. Copyright Reg. Nos. PA0000955517 (Pokémon Gold); PA0001249016 (Pokémon LeafGreen); PA0001866536 (Pokémon X); and PA0001866534 (Pokémon Y); PA0001922877 (Pokémon Alpha Sapphire); PA0001922876 (Pokémon Omega Ruby); PA0002009184 (Pokémon Sun); PA0002009192 (Pokémon Moon); PA0002072974 (Pokemon Ultra Moon); and PA0002072980 (Pokemon Ultra Sun). Authorized products may be viewed at the following link: https://www.nintendo.com/search/#/results/pokemon/1

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**  
https://github.com/AshishMahto/pokemon-essentials-mirror

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
We have not search the forks.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
The work is not licensed under an open source license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  
Removal. No other changes are acceptable.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
We do not have the alleged infringers contact information.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
We have read your Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
[private]  
[private] for Nintendo of America Inc.
