*** Sent via Email - Notice of Copyright Infringement ***  

Dear Sir/Madam,  

I certify under penalty of perjury, that I am an agent authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the intellectual property rights and that the information contained in this notice is accurate.

I have a good faith belief that the page or material listed below is not authorized by law, by copyright owner or by its agents and therefore infringes the copyright owner's rights.

I HEREBY DEMAND THAT YOU ACT EXPEDITIOUSLY TO REMOVE OR DISABLE ACCESS TO THE PAGE OR MATERIAL CLAIMED TO BE INFRINGING.

This notice is sent pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA), the European Union's Directive on the Harmonisation of Certain Aspects of Copyright and Related Rights in the Information Society (2001/29/EC), the French law (“Code de la Propriété Intellectuelle” and “Loi pour la Confiance dans l’Economie Numérique” - LCEN) and/or other laws and regulations relevant in European Union member states or other jurisdictions.

My contact information is as follows:

Organization name: Attributor Corporation As Agent for Publisher HACHETTE LIVRE and/or its subsidiaries and/or its affiliates and/or any owner of intellectual property rights that Hachette Livre is authorized to act on behalf of.

Email: [private]  
Phone: [private]  

Mailing address:  
9405 SW Gemini Drive  
Beaverton, OR 97008  
US  

My electronic signature follows:  
Sincerely,  
/[private]/  
[private]  
Attributor, Inc.  

*** INFRINGING PAGE OR MATERIAL ***  

Infringing page/material that I demand be disabled or removed in consideration of the above:  

Rights Holder: Hachette Livre France  

Original Work: Ensemble. Maintenant. Pour toujours  

Infringing URL: https://github.com/danielsantoz791/Gratis-PDF-boek/blob/master/Gratis%20Boeken%20Ensemble.%20Maintenant.%20Pour%20toujours%20(PDF%20-%20ePub%20-%20Mobi)%20Van%20Emily%20Blaine%20.pdf
