DMCA Notice

Date: July 5, 2018

Dear [private] and GitHub Team:

I, the undersigned, state UNDER PENALTY OF PERJURY that:

[1] I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice;

[2] I am a person injured, or an agent authorized to act on behalf of a person injured by a violation of the U.S. Copyright laws, in particular Section 501 of Title 17 of the United States Code, commonly referred to as the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, or "DMCA";

[2] I May Be Contacted At:

Name of Injured Party:

Apple Inc. ("Apple")

Name and Title:

[private]

Company:

Kilpatrick, Townsend & Stockton LLP

Address:

Two Embarcadero Center, Suite 1900

City, State, and Zip:

San Francisco, CA 94111

Email Address:

[private]

Telephone:

[private]

Fax:

[private]

[4] I have a good faith belief that the identified files listed below (by URL) are unlawful under these laws because, among other things, the files offer to distribute a copyrighted item without authorization from the owner of the copyright;

[5] Reason:

Content Type:

Reproduction of Apple's internal software code. This code is proprietary and it includes Apple's copyright notice. It is not open-source.

Violation(s):

Copyright Infringement

[6] Please act expeditiously to remove or disable access to the active file identified below; (Note: Our removal requested is directed at the below-listed file content only, not the entire repository)

https://github.com/kenaan/cocoa/blob/master/Tanzanite/Code/TestPudding/InstantPudding_API.h

Furthermore, based on the representative number of forks of the reported file that we have reviewed (including those listed immediately below), we believe that all or most of these files are infringing to the same extent as the parent file. Accordingly, we respectfully request that GitHub disable the entire file network.

https://github.com/alfadesigns/cocoa/blob/master/Tanzanite/Code/TestPudding/InstantPudding_API.h  
https://github.com/citrusui/cocoa/blob/master/Tanzanite/Code/TestPudding/InstantPudding_API.h  
https://github.com/DJLeleX/cocoa/blob/master/Tanzanite/Code/TestPudding/InstantPudding_API.h  
https://github.com/eriksmets/cocoa/blob/master/Tanzanite/Code/TestPudding/InstantPudding_API.h   
https://github.com/LittleBirdLiu/cocoa/blob/master/Tanzanite/Code/TestPudding/InstantPudding_API.h  
https://github.com/takeuikit/cocoa/blob/master/Tanzanite/Code/TestPudding/InstantPudding_API.h  
https://github.com/Tommaso12/cocoa/blob/master/Tanzanite/Code/TestPudding/InstantPudding_API.h  
[7] I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration; and

[8] I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Thank you for your kind assistance.

Truthfully,

[private]

[Kilpatrick Townsend & Stockton LLP]

[private]  
Kilpatrick Townsend & Stockton LLP  
Two Embarcadero Center | Suite 1900 | San Francisco, CA 94111  
office [private]| fax [private]  
[private] | My Profile [private] | VCard [private]
