**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?** Yes, I am a [private] for Electronic Arts Inc., the company that owns the copyrighted material.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Assets from the game SimCity 2000 are being infringed upon. An authorized and legitimate copy of the game can be found available for purchase here: https://www.origin.com/usa/en-us/store/simcity/simcity-2000

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**

https://github.com/rage8885/OpenSC2K

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

No, there doesn't seem to be any forks.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No, SimCity 2000 is not licensed under an open source license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

The current audio visual output of the repository creates content that infringes on Electronic Arts copyright. As long as that continues to happen, no other changes other than removal is sufficient to address the infringement.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**

No

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

I have read the guide.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

[private]  
Electronic Arts Inc.  
209 Redwood Shores Pkwy   
Redwood City, CA 94065  
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[private]
