Hi GitHub Copyright team,

Hope all is well. We have a some proprietary stubhub code posted to github (URL below/HTML file attached). That we would like removed.  
https://github.com/wispershadow/myopensources/

Thank you in advance for your help.  
Please let me know if you have any additional questions.

1. I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.  
2. Identify the copyrighted work you believe has been infringed. ( link above)  
3. Identify the material that you allege is infringing the copyrighted work listed in item #2, above. ( link above)  
4. Explain what the affected user would need to do in order to remedy the infringement. We have a former employee who posted some proprietary stubhub code to github (URL links above) We don't think it was malicious, but a careless violation of our policies re github developer usage  
5. Provide your contact information. ( see signature pic below)  
6. Provide contact information, if you know it, for the alleged infringer. Profile listed in links  
7. I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.  
8. "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

[private]  
7700 W. Parmer Lane, Austin, TX 78729  
[private]  
Direct - [private]  
M [private]  
[private]
