We are writing to you on behalf of Comcast, who contracts with us to detect and remove online threats against their clients.

We bring to your attention the following website which is hosted on your server:

URL: https://github.com/Sunilks879/micro_shopping_kart/blob/de41b81d1bbdd35e92e12e1aea43ba0cdafca420/applications/shopping-kart-app/src/main/resources/application.yml  
IP Address: 192.30.253.113

We believe this site is posing a threat to our client, and we ask that you take immediate action to remove it from the Internet.

If you need assistance with the effort of removing this content, we're here to help. If you have any evidence you're willing or able to provide to support our investigation, please send it to [private]. If you believe this content should be allowed to remain on your server, please inform us so we can work with Comcast to resolve this report.

Dear Sir or Madam:

Looking Glass Cyber Solution is authorized to act on behalf of Comcast in requesting removal of its copyrighted works from Internet sites. Under the U.S. Digital Millennium Copyright Act (17 U.S.C. § 512) and other applicable U.S. and international statutes, Looking Glass Cyber Solution provides this notification of claimed infringement and requests that you immediately remove certain documents from your web site and/or disable access to those documents through your web site.

Looking Glass Cyber Solution has recently discovered the unauthorized publication, disclosure, and copying of highly sensitive, confidential, trade secret, and copyright-protected documents on the
below web site. Specifically, we have confirmed that the documents whose locations and filenames identified at

https://github.com/Sunilks879/monolith/blob/58c3564e1aa0cba6dbc5cc6bd4cd0d1b191046ba/everest/src/main/resources/application.yml  
https://github.com/Sunilks879/micro_shopping_kart/blob/de41b81d1bbdd35e92e12e1aea43ba0cdafca420/applications/catalog-service/src/main/resources/application.yml  
https://github.com/Sunilks879/micro_shopping_kart/blob/de41b81d1bbdd35e92e12e1aea43ba0cdafca420/applications/shopping-kart-app/src/main/resources/application.yml  
https://github.com/Sunilks879/micro_shopping_kart/blob/de41b81d1bbdd35e92e12e1aea43ba0cdafca420/applications/user-service/src/main/resources/application.yml

It is confidential and proprietary to Comcast and were posted without Comcast’s permission.

The unauthorized copying, disclosure and distribution of Comcast’s confidential trade secret and/or copyright-protected documents constitute a violation of both civil and criminal trade secret and copyright laws. 

Based on our preliminary investigation, we believe that this web site is owned and/or controlled by you. Looking Glass Cyber Solutions, therefore, requests that you (1) remove these documents from any of the web sites under your control and/or disable access to these documents through any of the web sites under your control, and (2) destroy any and all copies of the documents that you possess.

We also request that you identify to us your source(s) for these documents, so that we may contact them and request that they delete and/or remove the documents that they possess as well. 

Comcast is the owner of an exclusive copyright for each of these documents. Looking Glass Cyber Solution is authorized to act on behalf of Comcast, and has a good faith belief that the publication and/or disclosure by your web site is not authorized by Comcast, any of Comcast’s agents, or the law.

Nothing herein shall constitute a waiver of any of Comcast’s rights in law or in equity, all of which are expressly reserved.

Email: [private]

Name: Looking Glass Cyber Solution

Telephone: [private]

Address: 10740 Parkridge Blvd, Suite 200

Reston, VA 20191

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

I have a good faith belief that the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law does not authorize use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Regards,

[private], Cyber Threat Analyst  
LookingGlass Cyber Security Center  
LookingGlass Cyber Solutions Inc.  
(Formerly Cyveillance, Inc.)  
