**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**

Yes. I am [private] to the copyright owner, Akamai Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation, 150 Broadway, Cambridge, MA 02142 USA. I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The original copyrighted work is a pair of Javascript files that are named "obfuscated.js" and "out.js." The files are proprietary and confidential to Akamai, and they are not available online in any manner.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**

Both files are located at the following URL:

https://gist.github.com/meredian/a711d9c168dc6b55bf8d8e8a715b9d2f

Akamai requests that the repository (the page) be taken down because the two files are embedded there. The remaining file, which is referred to as "decoder.js," is not an Akamai file but appears to be the code that was used to de-obfuscate the Akamai files in question. The third party file "decoder.js" thus appears to be code that circumvents Akamai's measures that otherwise control access to its copyright works.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, Akamai has searched for forks but has not located any associated with the GitHub site.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

The works are proprietary and confidential to Akamai, and they are not licensed under an open source license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

Akamai requests that the entire repository/page be removed; absent that, Akamai requests that the two files in question be removed. Akamai does not believe that there are any other specific changes that the other person can make to address these issues, as the remaining code file (decoder.js) appears to circumvention code.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**

The only information Akamai has is the GitHub user name "meredian," which identifies "[private]."

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

"I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

"I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

I confirm I have read the GitHub Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice at the identified URL.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

My telephone number is [private].  
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[private]  
[private]  
Akamai Technologies, Inc,
