**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**

I'm the copyright owner, https://github.com/dapengdahan/StateStorage, https://github.com/ryanrobert/Material Inspection, https://github.com/ryanrobert/Maintenance three libraries were originally created by me and uploaded to GitHub for open source. I uploaded these items to user [private], because of this Some of the projects contained the name of our company, and then the company asked us to delete them, and I did, and cancelled the user [private], but the projects Dapengdahan and ryanrobert downloaded and fork were in their own libraries, so I hope they deleted them, too, but I couldn't get in touch with them. These two users. The contents of these projects are the scenes in which our company handles some material business, Android demo. If necessary, I can provide my company's business license.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Sorry, I deleted the original copyright item and deleted the user: [private].

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**

https://github.com/dapengdahan/StateStorage  
https://github.com/ryanrobert/Material Inspection  
https://github.com/ryanrobert/Maintenance  

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

no

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

Infringement documents are used under open source licenses, but now my company is asking to remove these items because they contain our company's name information. If necessary, I can provide my company's business license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

Removing these items is the best solution.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**

No

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

I confirm

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

[private] China

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[private]电力信息技术有限公司 [private] Power Information Technology Co., Ltd.=
