**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**

YES, this is a project my company owns!

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

We were trying out a collaborative environment in 2015 and thought of using Gtihub and uploaded one of our projects, which is a now a live product.  
We have created this project under the account [private].  
But we have deleted the account some time ago as we figured all the code and passwords in webconfig files are publically visible to others. By deleting the project we assumed that all the data has been deleted, but today we got a feedback from one of our Email Provider that their API key is shared on Github with a link.  
Here is the link  

https://github.com/NosDeveloper2/RecruitGenie

As you can see that project has been cloned by a user called NosDeveloper2.

But original account is under [private] who is [private] working for I-Netcom Ltd and a developer of this project.

Even though I have deleted my account while ago from Github, looks like still the project is available for that other user.

We seriously needs to get this down as it is a product based system we do and contains lots of sensitive credentials in the webconfig file.

Today I have created another account under [private] just to investigate the issue.

[private]

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**

We need the complete RecruitGenie repository to be taken down as it is a private project owns by our company. And this user NosDeveloper2 has not done any commits; [private] the only one who has done commits to the project

https://github.com/NosDeveloper2/RecruitGenie

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, NosDeveloper2 - he is the only one using this project, but no activity found since the fork

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

NO

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

We need to remove the project to be completely removed!

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**

No we do not have any information. just the username NosDeveloper2

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
I read the article

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

Contact Number [private]

Address  
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
[private]
