1. **Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes. I'm acting on behalf of Beijing SenseTime Technology Development Co., Ltd., the copyright owner of the work described below.

2. **Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

In this infringing repository is statement declaring Sensetime’s license in document “license.lic” (URL: https://github.com/CaptRosh/vendor_oneplus/blob/693dea5a232096cf0e0e3b72a73395bc1b4bde69/msm8998-common/proprietary/etc/camera/license.lic).

These non-open source documents, of which Sensetime possesses the copyright, are posted by user “CaptRosh” in the repository “vendor_oneplus” (URL: https://github.com/CaptRosh/vendor_oneplus) without Sensetime’s permission. We confirm that the document below is infringing on our copyright. Please remove the document below and all previous versions in 334 commits under the repository so as to prevent potential infringements in the future.

3. **What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:

https://github.com/CaptRosh/vendor_oneplus/blob/693dea5a232096cf0e0e3b72a73395bc1b4bde69/msm8998-common/proprietary/etc/camera/license.lic

4. **Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

We have searched for forks of the allegedly infringing repositories, and found no fork up to now.

5. **Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

These source codes are not licensed under any open source license.

6. **What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

Please help us remove the above document and the previous versions thereof, which infringe SenseTime's rights by reproducing substantial portions of SenseTime's internal and proprietary source codes.

7. **Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**

We don't have any contact information about this “CaptRosh” yet, and we would be appreciated if you could help us in doing so.

8. I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

9. I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

10. I have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/

11. **So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

Contact person: [private]  
Email: [private]  
Telephone: [private]  
Address: [private]

12. **Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:

[private]
