Notice of Copyright Infringement. (Our Ref: 823504)

Sender: [private]  
Future Publishing Ltd.  
Quay House  
The Ambury  
Bath  
BA1 1UA  
GB  
[private]  

Recipient: github.com  

RE: Copyright Infringement.  

This notice complies with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (17 U.S.C. ยง512(c)(3))
  
I, [private], swear under penalty of perjury that I am authorised to act on behalf of the owner(s) of the copyright or of an exclusive licence in the work(s) THE PYTHON BOOK.

It has come to my attention that the website github.com is engaged in the electronic distribution of copies of these works. It is my good faith belief that the use of these works in this manner is not authorised by the copyright owner, his agent or the law. This is in clear violation of United States, European Union, and International copyright law, and I now request that you expeditiously remove this material from github.com, or block or disable access to it, as required under both US and EU law.

The works are THE PYTHON BOOK.

The following URL(s) identify the infringing files and the means to locate them.

https://github.com/anjijava16/HadoopRelatedBooks/blob/master/The%20Python%20Book%20-%20The%20Ultimate%20Guide%20to%20Coding%20with%20Python%202015.pdf

The information in this notice is accurate and I request that you expeditiously remove or block or disable access to all the infringing material or the entire site.

This notice is not a complete statement of the publisher's rights in connection with this matter, and nothing contained herein constitutes an express or implied waiver of any rights or remedies in connection with this matter, all of which are expressly reserved.

[private]

2018-04-24
