**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  

I'm authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  

The original work isn't posted online because is confidential. In your website has been published original code of the website of Amadeus. This code doesn't proceed from the navigator, it's java code. That means that this java code proportionate important confidential information. With it, a hacker knows the programming language using in the server, and differents class programming in java. As you know, with a class you can obtain a lot of information for the function of the server and his structure. Also, with all the import that appears in the documents, anyone can know all the functionalities of Java that has been using in the server and access to them.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**  

https://github.com/vietk/hidethistext/blob/c3a716a48e73e87a41d154aaf9ffb4f97fbaf5a3/src/main/java/org/htt/Main.java
https://github.com/vietk/hidethistext/blob/c3a716a48e73e87a41d154aaf9ffb4f97fbaf5a3/src/main/java/org/htt/TextShaper.java
https://github.com/vietk/hidethistext/blob/c3a716a48e73e87a41d154aaf9ffb4f97fbaf5a3/src/test/java/org/htt/TextShaperTest.java
https://github.com/vietk/hidethistext/blob/c3a716a48e73e87a41d154aaf9ffb4f97fbaf5a3/src/main/java/org/htt/BoxingTool.java

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
Amadeus S.A.S, the owner, is an enterprise that doesn't offer is code, it's an enterprise related to other products. This code comes from his website, that's the reason because this code supposes a risk.

All the content is in the same repository, and vietk is the user that publication the confidential code.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  

No, this work is confidential, doesn't a open source license. As you can see in all the files:

/*
* Amadeus Confidential Information:
* Unauthorized use and disclosure strictly forbidden.
* @1998-2014 - Amadeus s.a.s - All Rights Reserved.
*/

Amadeus S.A.S, the owner, is an enterprise that doesn't offer is code, it's an enterprise related to other products. This code comes from his servers, that's the reason because this code supposes a risk.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  

No, in this case the only solution is removal all the content.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**  

No, I don't have it.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  

[private]
