**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**  

My name is [private] and I am [private] at PayPal. I am authorized to act on behalf of PayPal in making this DMCA request.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  

A user by the username Kranthi003 on Github somehow was able to get a hold of confidential and proprietary PayPal code and has made this information available to the public. The code was developed internally by PayPal protected by copyright. The entire code contained with Krankthi003’s repository is code that should not have been made public. We are currently investigating how Kranti003 was able to acquire this code. This is not code that is made available to our merchants or their developers. The entire code reposioty is original copyrighted work developed by PayPal.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**  
Repository links:  
• https://github.com/kranthi003/Lib_Pers/  
• https://github.com/kranthi003/Lib_Pers/commits/master  
• https://github.com/kranthi003/Lib_Pers/blob/684e96240d5d53097fde64c345de0f168ea06085/transaction/transactioneventprocessor/projects/domain/bl-transactioneventprocessor/src/test/resources/config/kerneldal/dsimport.xml  

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
Yes.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
No.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  
We want all the entire repo to be deleted.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
We have not contacted the infringer. This is a very sensitive matter that needs immediate attention.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
Yes.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
[private]  
[private]  
Phone: [private]  
Address:  
PayPal  
2211 N 1st St,  
San Jose, CA 95131  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
[private]
