Aviva  
St Helen's  
Floor 16  
1 Undershaft  
London   
EC3P 3DQ  

Github, Inc  
88 Colin P Kelly Jr St  
San Francisco, CA 94107  
United States  

26/06/2018 request for content removal under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA)  

Dear Github, Inc,  

Please find below details of a repository which we believe is infringing on our copyright protected material.  

We kindly request that you inform the author/s of the repository that we would prefer this entire code not to be online as it references our company brand in the title, and we are happy to discuss with them to arrange an amicable understanding.  

Takedown request:  
**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**  

I am authorized to make the request on behalf of Aviva Brands Limited, St Helen's, 1 Undershaft, London, EC3P 3DQ, United Kingdom, owner of the copyright protected material in this repository. 

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  

A 65 second promotional video with information about Aviva Smart Life insurance in Poland. The video depicts several animated characters using a tablet computer to purchase Aviva Smart Life branded insurance. https://github.com/Paryszek/AvivaForm/blob/master/Aviva%20ubezpieczenie%20na%20%C5%BCycie%20online%20-%20polisa%20do%20100%20000%20z%C5%82%20-%20bez%20bada%C5%84%20lekarskich_files/smart_life.mp4 

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**  

Please remove the mp4 file at https://github.com/Paryszek/AvivaForm/blob/master/Aviva%20ubezpieczenie%20na%20%C5%BCycie%20online%20-%20polisa%20do%20100%20000%20z%C5%82%20-%20bez%20bada%C5%84%20lekarskich_files/smart_life.mp4

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  

There are no forks of this repository.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  

The work is not under any open source license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  

we are happy for the owner of the repository to contact us in order to find an alternative way forward, however as it stands, we believe the file needs to be removed.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it**  

There is no contact information in the README.MD file in the repository.

Declarations: 
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. 

I confirm that I have read the Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address**  
(Tel) [private]  
(Address) St Helen's, Floor 16, 1 Undershaft, London EC3P 3DQ     

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**     
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
St Helen's, Floor 16, 1 Undershaft, London EC3P 3DQ

aviva.com  
