**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
Yes, authorized agent to act on behalf of Blizzard Entertainment, Inc. (“Blizzard”).

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
Video game World of Warcraft (WoW)  
https://worldofwarcraft.com/en-us/  
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0433664/  

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**  
https://github.com/LightsHope/server/blob/development/sql/world.sql - Ctrl+F on the page, search for spell_template  
-The LightsHope spell table has identical layout and typically identical field names as the table from early WoW. We use database tables to represent game data, like spells, in WoW. In our code, we use .sql files to represent the data layout of each table (i.e. the fields of each specific table, like a spell name or the magnitude of its effect). MaNGOS, the platform off of which Light’s Hope appears to be built, uses a similar structure. The LightsHope spell_template table matches almost exactly the layout and field names of early WoW client database tables.

https://github.com/LightsHope/server/blob/development/sql/logon.sql - Ctrl+F on the page, search for nost
-Nostalrius References – Several code files reference Nostalrius copyrights and code.

https://github.com/LightsHope/server/tree/development/src/scripts/kalimdor
-Fantasy Names – “Script” files and folders are named after and reference WoW fantasy names.

https://github.com/LightsHope/server/blob/development/src/scripts/kalimdor/ashenvale/ashenvale.cpp
Matching Record IDs – There are “scripts” that reference database records directly by ID; there are cases where these IDs directly match the ID from WoW’s content.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
No

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  
Removal of all infringing files/code/urls.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
No

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
Yes

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
[private]
