**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**  
Yes

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  

This is a formal legal notification of copyright infringement and demand to immediately cease, desist, remove and take-down works related to and owned by Edhesive and/or related to Edhesive’s Computer Science course(s), including but not limited to Edhesive Computer Science A course materials, lessons, exams, quizzes, problems, answers and answer keys.

These works appear on a site operated by you at https://github.com/NeilTCox/APCS/tree/master, operated by and/or submitted by you/a student with the following name and contact:

Student/Poster’s Name: [private] (and/or NeilTCox)

The use, copying, publication and distribution of any or all of Edhesive related materials and resources is unauthorized and unlawful. All Edhesive related materials and resources are owned by Edhesive as the legal copyright owner of these works, and the works and use of the material that appears on the website listed above are not, nor have ever been, authorized by Edhesive as the copyright owner, nor any of its agent’s, nor by operation of law. No permission to use, make, modify, or distribute any of Edhesive’s works was requested nor granted, and such infringement is a direct violation of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act and International Copyright Law. Under 17 USC §101, et seq., willful infringers could be liable for statutory damages as high as $100,000 or more for compensatory and consequential damages

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**

Please remove all files under this URL: https://github.com/NeilTCox/APCS/tree/master

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

All files included in each Unit folder on this page must be removed.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

The use, copying, publication and distribution of any or all of Edhesive related materials and resources is unauthorized and unlawful. All Edhesive related materials and resources are owned by Edhesive as the legal copyright owner of these works, and the works and use of the material that appears on the website listed above are not, nor have ever been, authorized by Edhesive as the copyright owner, nor any of its agent’s, nor by operation of law. No permission to use, make, modify, or distribute any of Edhesive’s works was requested nor granted, and such infringement is a direct violation of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act and International Copyright Law. Under 17 USC §101, et seq., willful infringers could be liable for statutory damages as high as $100,000 or more for compensatory and consequential damages

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

These are answer keys to our course work. They must all be removed. They cannot remain on this site in any format.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**

We have the following email addresses for him: [private], [private]  

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

"I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

"I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

Confirmed

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
[private]  
