**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  

Yes. I am the copyright owner.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  

The repository listed below contains code, articles, and class notes that are part of a course that is being taught at University of California, Los Angeles, and is provided to students with a license agreement that allows only private/individual copies. I explicitly disallow placing the materials somewhere publicly accessible. As such, the posting of these materials on your site is a copyright violation and a UCLA academic honesty policy violation. The course website is accessible at:

http://oak.cs.ucla.edu/classes/cs144/  

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**  

https://github.com/twjeric/UCLA-CS144-Web-Applications  

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  

This repository is the only one I have been able to find.  

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  

It is not licensed under an open source license. The above repository contains code, articles, and class notes tha are provided to students with a license agreement that allows only private/individual copies. I explicitly disallow placing them somewhere publicly accessible. As such, the posting of these materials on your site is a copyright violation and a UCLA academic honesty policy violation.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  

The creator of the above repository must

1. Remove the repository and all materials in it from GitHub
2. Contact the instructor of the class for further instruction

to avoid any potential penalty imposed on the individual according to the university policy.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**  

[private]  

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
[private]
