Dear Sir or Madam:

TD Bank Financial Group in requesting removal of its copyrighted works from Internet sites. Under the U.S. Digital Millennium Copyright Act (17 U.S.C. ยง 512) and other applicable U.S. and international statutes, TD Bank Financial Group provides this notification of claimed infringement and requests that you immediately remove certain documents from your web site and/or disable access to those documents through your web site.

TD Bank Financial Group has recently discovered the unauthorized publication, disclosure, and copying of highly sensitive, confidential, trade secret, and copyright-protected documents on the below web site. Specifically, we have confirmed that the documents whose locations and filenames identified at

https://github.com/olganosova/cubs-login

are confidential and proprietary to TD Bank and were posted without TD Bank's permission.

The unauthorized copying, disclosure and distribution of TD Bank's confidential trade secret and/or copyright-protected documents constitute a violation of both civil and criminal trade secret and copyright laws.

Based on our preliminary investigation, we believe that this web site is owned and/or controlled by you. TD Bank Financial Group, therefore, requests that you (1) remove these documents from any of the web sites under your control and/or disable access to these documents through any of the web sites under your control, and (2) destroy any and all copies of the documents that you possess.

We also request that you identify to us your source(s) for these documents, so that we may contact them and request that they delete and/or remove the documents that they possess as well. TD Bank is the owner of an exclusive copyright for each of these documents. TD Bank Financial Group has a good faith belief that the publication and/or disclosure by your web site is not authorized by TD Bank, any of TD Bank's agents, or the law.

Nothing herein shall constitute a waiver of any of TD Bank's rights in law or in equity, all of which are expressly reserved.

Email: [private]

Name: TD Bank

Telephone: [private]

Address: [private]

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Regards,

[private]

