Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?  
I am authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf, International Business Machines of the USA.

Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.  
The stolen property was developed by [private] of [private] under contract for IBM. The code is proprietary and is not in the public domain. This is an internal application which has not yet been publicly released.

What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:

The entire repositories:

https://github.com/MidoShahin/Angular-4-SPA  
https://github.com/BPCoM/BPCM

Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.

I have searched as best I can and the above are the only repos I have found. They all belong to the same user. Two of them appear to be older versions (so not forks, separate distinct repos of earlier versions)

Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?

it is not open source.

What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?

The entire repository must be deleted, all copies in his possession must be removed, anyone who has cloned or otherwise obtained the code must be asked to delete all copies.

Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:

[private]

Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:

[private]

Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:

[private]
