**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**  
Yes

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
I hired [private] from [private] and made him sign a NDA please see following link.  
[private]

[private] cancelled our contract with [private] after I hired him because he violated [private]'s TOS. But by then I'd already sent him my source codes. He has since posted my source codes here publicly without my permission, in breach of the NDA.

https://github.com/eden120/gsm_backend  
https://github.com/eden120/gsm_frontend

As you can see from the commits, these copyrighted materials are continuously being updated in my paid, private github repository because I am the true owner and creator of the codebase.

[private]  
[private]

The project url is hosted here on my server.  
[private]

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**

Please remove the following  
https://github.com/eden120/gsm_backend  
https://github.com/eden120/gsm_frontend  

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

I found this infringement through [private] which suspended my account there because they detected that my account's credentials (password and/or API key) are publicly listed on the code repository GitHub.

https://github.com/eden120/gsm_backend/blob/460e8eceac09f2fd7c4c090615449e00307f244e/GSM/settings/staging.py

https://github.com/eden120/gsm_backend/blob/460e8eceac09f2fd7c4c090615449e00307f244e/GSM/settings/local.py

https://github.com/eden120/gsm_backend/blob/460e8eceac09f2fd7c4c090615449e00307f244e/GSM/GSM/settings.py

For me to reactivate my account I would need to remove my account credentials and API keys from these public listings. Please help me remove them.

Thank you.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  
No, best solution would be removal.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
The person who I sent my source code to was named [private].  
His github id that he gave me was [private]  
his skype id he gave me is [private]  
his gmail is [private]  
his [private] profile was here [private]  
(it has since been removed by [private] because [private] violated their TOS)  
this is the copy of the contract I had with him, which he did not complete  
[private]

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
Yes

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
My cell phone is [private]  
Thank you.

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
[private]
