**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**  
Yes, I am on behalf of my company (ACCESS Co.,Ltd Japan)

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
The entire repository (https://github.com/aichunyu/NativeService_example) was originally created by me [private], and the repository contains many Intellectual Properties from my company - ACCESS Co.,Ltd.

Examples:

1:
Problem repo: https://github.com/aichunyu/NativeService_example/blob/master/include/dlna/dlna_api.h  
Our repo: [private]

2:
Problem repo: https://github.com/aichunyu/NativeService_example/tree/master/include/slim/peer  
Our repo: [private]  

It is a simple fact that I am the original creater of every single files under https://github.com/aichunyu/NativeService_example, the guy cloned my repo.  

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**  
The entire repository "https://github.com/aichunyu/NativeService_example" should be removed.  

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
Currently, this is the only one we could find on Github.  

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
No, most of them are private assets.  

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  
No, the repo has to be completely removed.  

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
No. Infringer's github account is the only clue (https://github.com/aichunyu)  

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  
"I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."  

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  
"I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."  

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
Yes, I confirm.  

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
Taiwan office: [private]    
Tel: [private]  
Mobile: [private]  
Japan HQ:  
Daito Building, 3 Kandaneribei-cho, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, Japan 101-0022  
Tel: [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
[private] (a.k.a [private])=
