Dear Sir or Madam:

Our firm represents ExportX International Limited ("ExportX") in intellectual property matters, including the infringement of its intellectual property rights. It recently came to ExportX's attention that GitHub user, "mrseth," substantially copied portions of ExportX's support website and documentation and posted the derivative works on GitHub (the "Protected Works") in violation of ExportX's copyrights in the Protected Works. This user's infringement also extends beyond the works posted on GitHub. This user owns and operates [private] through which this user offers a competing accounting software product that he has substantially copied from ExportX's A2X accounting software without ExportX's permission in violation of its intellectual property rights. The Protected Works appear in the below repository on GitHub.com:

* https://github.com/mrseth/tax-docs

On behalf of ExportX, we hereby demand the immediate removal of this repository from your servers in accordance with Section 512(c) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"). This e-mail is official notification under Section 512(c) of the DMCA. Please be advised that the law requires you to remove or disable access to the infringing materials upon receiving this notice. I am providing this notice under a good faith belief that the use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agents, or the law. The information in this notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, I state that I am authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner. You may contact me, as representative of ExportX, at the email address provided below.

We demand that you respond to this correspondence immediately and provide written assurances that you have removed the above repository from your servers and/or disabled access to the repository and will take all necessary steps to preserve ExportX's intellectual property rights.

ExportX reserves all of its rights and claims against GitHub. Nothing in this correspondence shall be deemed a waiver of any kind by ExportX. If you have any questions, please contact me directly at: [private].

Regards,  
[private]

[private]  

45 Rockefeller Plaza  
New York, NY 10111-0100  
ExportX

[private]  
bakerlaw.com
