I represent Match Group, LLC and its affiliates (collectively, “Match Group”), owners of the popular dating and social networking website www.POF.com and mobile application “POF Dating.” It has come to our attention that your company is hosting content that is designed to circumvent technological measures that effectively control access to at least one of Match Group’s copyright-protected works, and Match Group therefore submits this Notice and requests that you immediately:

1. Remove the infringing content (identified below) from your servers; and

2. Notify the infringer of this Notice, and of their duty to remove the infringing content and to refrain from posting infringing content to your servers in the future.

Our Reference No.

SM098-C

Infringer Name/Username

[private] / cmpunches

Infringing Content

github.com/cmpunches/Pofapi/blob/master/pofapi/POFSession.py

github.com/cmpunches/Pofapi/blob/master/BroadcastExample.py

github.com/cmpunches/Pofapi/blob/master/PhotoSpread.py

No. of Infringing Forks

5 (see Schedule A)

Nature of Infringement

This content circumvents technological measures that effectively control access to works protected under Title 17 of the United States Code.

Description of Technological Measures

Match Group maintains a private API for its POF service, and licenses its copyrighted material to authorized users pursuant to a limited license contained in the POF Terms of Service. In order to enforce the limitations in the license, POF employs certain technological measures that include auditing the “user-agent” and “referrer” headers in incoming HTTP requests in order to determine the source of those requests.

Description of Circumvention

This content is designed to circumvent Match Group’s technological protection measures by forging user-agent and referrer HTTP headers to misrepresent the source of the HTTP requests. This content allows users to bypass the official POF network and improperly access the POF backend system to extract proprietary information from Match Group’s servers.

Additional Statements

I have read and understand GitHub’s Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

I have a good faith belief that the activity described above is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

The information in this notification is accurate, and I swear under penalty of perjury that I am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Please confirm your receipt of this Notice, and please contact me if you have any questions or require additional information. No statement in this letter is intended to be, or shall be construed as, a waiver or exclusion of any other right or remedy available to Match Group under state, federal, or international law either now or in the future.

SCHEDULE A

Infringing Forks

No. Location

1 github.com/ coinbroker1 / Pofapi

2 github.com/ dpurcel2014 / Pofapi

3 github.com/ hkfoxok / Pofapi

4 github.com/ hobolunch / Pofapi

5 github.com/ PeterRab / Pofapi

[private]

