To whom it may concern  

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.  

We are a copy-right-owner international company named Book City Europe SL (accessible via http://bookcityeurope.com/ ) and we own an eBook and audio book platform called Fidibo (accessible via http://fidibo.com/ ). We provide our users with over 24000 eBooks and audio books. In order to purchase and read eBooks, users have to sign up through our application or website. All the available contents on Fidibo are protected by DRM and users cannot receive the files and use them on other platforms or devices. Terms of use and conditions are fully communicated to the users once they sign up on.  

A GitHub user, named [private] (accessible via [private] ) had published a project (accessible via [private] ) which specifically removed the Fidibo DRM illegally and by revealing the passwords, allowed users to receive the books’ files. This infringement violates our legal business and affects authors and publishers’ IP. Fortunately, we contacted him and he removed the project. Two GitHub users have forked the project and they need to remove it as well.  

Here are the links to the forks:  
https://github.com/reshadman/FidiboDRMRemover  
https://github.com/sepehrr/FidiboDRMRemover  

Our contact info is as follows:  
[private]  

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration. I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Respectfully,  
[private]
