**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
I'm the Copyright owner  

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
Here you can see License still there https://github.com/BR0kEN-/cikit/blob/c4f4dd8b86e27c068a94b7022b7910b235c9e9ab/LICENSE and same as https://github.com/cibox/cibox/blob/master/LICENSE.txt in CIBox repo.

Then fork's author changed it https://github.com/BR0kEN-/cikit/blob/6245de17ae533294b24bdacab54493c32cb54fb3/LICENSE by removing the original copyright. Which is the License violation.  

Later - fork's author changed the license to Apache2 https://github.com/BR0kEN-/cikit/blob/master/LICENSE where is no original Copyright included.  

And as you can find [private] here - fork's author says - he is a creator of CIKit.  

But the truth is
When you look into the fork's history https://github.com/BR0kEN-/cikit/tree/c4f4dd8b86e27c068a94b7022b7910b235c9e9ab you'll see that CIKit is just a changed version of CIBox with defined list of developers   https://github.com/BR0kEN-/cikit/blob/c4f4dd8b86e27c068a94b7022b7910b235c9e9ab/CONTACTS.md since 6 Aug 2015  

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**  
MOst of the job done in CIKit repo started from rename cibox to cikit  
You can see https://github.com/BR0kEN-/cikit/tree/6245de17ae533294b24bdacab54493c32cb54fb3  
Here is a better view of renaming https://github.com/BR0kEN-/cikit/commit/58c949b1d2cf79deb3a8c742a1f489957a5862f0 - you can see that even logo was done in a same style  

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
Yes. All other forks are good.  

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
This is a BSD License, see https://github.com/cibox/cibox/blob/master/LICENSE.txt Files are used in violation of the license.  

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  
I've asked Br0ken (fork's owner) to fix License issues and received "No".  

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
[private]  

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.  

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
I have read Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice  

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
[private]
