**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**  

Yes, I'm the owner. My github id is [private].

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  

Several years ago I created a repository called YangBlog, which contains the source codes of a github page site and blog articles totally written by myself. That repo also contains some of my personal information like my real name and where I studied. One day I decided to deleted that repo so that my personal information wouldn't be open in the Internet. However it has been already forked by several other users on github without my agreement. These repos are:

https://github.com/candytalk/YangBlog  
https://github.com/kkxx/YangBlog  
https://github.com/cldeng/YangBlog  
https://github.com/V2Optimization/YangBlog  

I've contacted one of the owners but didn't get a reply. For the other users I couldn't find their contact information. I'm asking to take those forks down so that my personal information, the website codes, and articles I wrote wouldn't be public.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:** 

https://github.com/candytalk/YangBlog  
https://github.com/kkxx/YangBlog  
https://github.com/cldeng/YangBlog  
https://github.com/V2Optimization/YangBlog  

All the above repos are exact forks of my previous repo, you can see that the only contributor of those repos is I [private]. Please take down all of them. Thanks!

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

I've searched all the repos on github and believe that there're no other public forks except the ones listed above.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

The work is not under any open source licenses. It is my personal blog, all the articles and personal information published and codes are created by myself alone and are not open source materials.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

I hope that all of those fork repos could be deleted. I've contacted one of the owners but he didn't reply my request.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**

I have the email of the owner of fork https://github.com/V2Optimization/YangBlog. His/her email is: [private]. I got this email address through his/her github home page.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

Yes, I have read your Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[private]
