Dear Github team,

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

The content enclosed in the following URLs infringes our copyright :

1. [private]  
2. https://github.com/raymondSeger/python-alibaba/blob/master/lazop/  
3. https://github.com/kfit-dev/lazop-api-client/blob/master/lib/  
4. https://github.com/finaxar/lazada-python/blob/master/lazop/  
5. https://github.com/hungnguyenckc/lazada/blob/master/com_lazada/media/lazada/lazop/

This URLs contains code that is proprietary to Lazada South East Asia Pte Ltd ("Lazada"). This code has been completely replicated without modification. Publication of this code is a violation of our copyright and a violation of Lazada's terms and conditions. Therefore, the User must immediately delete the repository in its entirety, and destroy all copies of the code in his/her possession or control.

The User who posted this code can be contacted through the following email addresses :

1. [private]

2) [private]

3) [private]

If you need more information about this please do reach us through the following contact details:

Intellectual Property Owner : Lazada Group  
Name and Title : [private]  
Company : LAZADA SOUTH EAST ASIA .LTD  
Email : [private]

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Please let us know if you have any queries or require any further information to help solve this matter. We appreciate your urgent attention in removing the above content/domain/URL as soon as possible.

Thank you very much for your kind supports.

Regards,  
[private]  
[private] | Lazada Group  
Email : [private]
