Good afternoon,

I am an artist online who goes by [private]. I am specifically writing to
you in regards to a website illegally using my work for profit, primarily
using images from my Instagram page ([private]). My email
address is listed at the top of my Instagram page if you need to confirm my
identity.

Here is the offending material. You can see here my Instagram images have
been published in a gallery crediting me as "Min Soo Ky."

https://altscifi.github.io/store/art/min.soo.ky.html#  
https://altscifi.github.io/store/art/min.soo.ky.html#%EA%B5%AC%EB%AF%B8%ED%98%B8-look-2  
https://altscifi.github.io/store/art/min.soo.ky.html#%EA%B5%AC%EB%AF%B8%ED%98%B8-look-1  
https://altscifi.github.io/store/art/min.soo.ky.html#haunted-beauty-closer  
https://altscifi.github.io/store/art/min.soo.ky.html#the-vampire  
https://altscifi.github.io/store/art/min.soo.ky.html#haunted-beauty  
https://altscifi.github.io/store/art/min.soo.ky.html#based-off-a-sculpture-by-the-very-talented-tina-yu  

I have linked to every image from my IG below:  
[private]

I have also taken screenshots and video clips of the location where the
offending material is being used. I can send these clips and screenshots
over if requested.

The website in question is offering a monthly subscription fee (located
here: https://altscifi.github.io/store/art/join.html) for $7 as well, so
they are making a monetary profit from their website while using my images,
without permission. They have never personally contacted me before
publishing my photos and I have never authorized the use of my photos in
this manner. I would never allow a website to make money - for themselves - off my work.

Other artists have also commented that he has taken their work and is
selling these works as prints on this website - while I cannot obviously
file a DMCA takedown on their behalf, you should also be aware he is trying
to make money off prints as well.

None of my work, including this, is under any sort of creative commons
license. I only grant permission, via email, for my work to be used on
other websites not owned by me.

To rectify this situation, I want my photos removed. Additionally, if this
person is violating any terms of service with you, I hope that you will
carry out whatever measures are necessary for those who willfully break
these terms.

The owner's email is [private]. This person is also affiliated
with [private], according to [private].

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described
above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner,
or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed.

I have already read your guide to submitting a DMCA takedown notice.

Do not publish my mailing address or phone number publicly. I read that all
DMCA requests are published, so please omit the information below. My
physical address is [private]. My phone number is
[private]. I prefer physical confirmation that this situation has been
dealt with; I would prefer confirmation via mail

/s/ [private]
