January 22, 2018

GitHub, Inc.

Attn: DMCA Agent

88 Colin P. Kelly Jr. Street

San Francisco, California 94107

Via email to: copyright@github.com<mailto:copyright@github.com>

Re: Notice of Infringement under Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA)

Dear DMCA Agent:

I represent Match Group, LLC and its affiliates (collectively, “Match Group”), owners of the popular dating and social networking website www.GoTinder.com<http://www.GoTinder.com> and mobile application “Tinder.” It has come to our attention that your company is hosting content that infringes at least one of Match Group’s copyrights, and Match Group therefore submits this Notice under Section 512(c) of the DMCA and requests that you immediately:

1. Remove the infringing content (identified below) from your servers; and

2. Notify the infringer of this Notice, and of their duty to remove the infringing content and to refrain from posting infringing content to your servers in the future.

Note that, in the file found at github.com/theapache64/hoes/blob/master/README.md, the infringer describes the content identified below as the “Java version of [private]” which is a repository that is currently disabled as a result of Match Group’s similar DMCA Notice of November 7, 2017.

Our Reference No.

LL099-C

Infringer Name/Username

theapache64

Infringing Content

github.com/theapache64/hoes/tree/master/src/com/theah64/hoes

No. of Infringing Forks

0

Nature of Infringement

This content circumvents technological measures that effectively control access to works protected under Title 17 of the United States Code.

Description of Technological Measures

Match Group maintains a private API for its Tinder service. Match Group has implemented certain throttles to control the number of API requests from any single IP address to prevent abuse, and has set the HTTP user-agent header to “Tinder” to verify that API requests are coming only from authorized mobile applications. Additionally, all API requests require a certain Facebook Login access token.

Description of Circumvention

This content is designed to circumvent Match Group’s technological protection measures by forging the HTTP user-agent string to misrepresent the nature of the API requests to imitate a Match Group-authorized application. The content sends API requests using Match Group’s Facebook Login access token, which the infringer misappropriates and copies into an unauthorized application. This content allows users to bypass the official Tinder network and improperly access the Tinder backend system to extract proprietary information from the Match Group servers.

Additional Statements

I have read and understand GitHub’s Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

I have a good faith belief that the activity described above is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

The information in this notification is accurate, and I swear under penalty of perjury that I am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Please confirm your receipt of this Notice, and please contact me if you have any questions or require additional information. No statement in this letter is intended to be, or shall be construed as, a waiver or exclusion of any other right or remedy available to Match Group under state, federal, or international law either now or in the future.

Sincerely,

[Private]  
[Private]  
[Private]  
Telephone: [Private]  
Email: [Private]
