Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?

Yes, we are.

Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.

Our original copyrighted work: http://www.yaojinjf.com, we are the software copyright holder and want to have the content removed, the certificate was issued by the state intellectual property office of China ,our Chinese name is 深圳英迈思文化科技有限公司 ,and the soft name is 晓风sp2p ( logogram ) , you can contrast to the web page https://github.com/gaorun2017/sp2p ,for all relevant certificates, please refer to the attachments .

What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:

Please check this : https://github.com/gaorun2017/sp2p/tree/37351993f75008a8758426453c0627f3d055af6f , and delete all files on this page.

Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.

We need to delete all files on this page:https://github.com/gaorun2017/sp2p/tree/37351993f75008a8758426453c0627f3d055af6f

Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?

No, it's private, It's our labor.

What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?

Please delete this URL:https://github.com/gaorun2017/sp2p/tree/37351993f75008a8758426453c0627f3d055af6f , The file on this page violated our copyright.

Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:

No, we don't have the contact information with him. so we need your help to solve the problem.

Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/

Yes , I have read your Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice.

So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:

Our telephone number: [private] or [private]

ADD: [private]

Our email:[private]

Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:

My full legal name: [private]

Company:Shenzhen EIMS Cultrue&Technology Co., Ltd. (China)

Please deal with this problem as soon as possible, wait for your reply, thank you very much.
