Hello github,

We are Tencent Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. Github is a very popular project code platform that many of our colleagues use.

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice

4 months ago, our company employees created a project repository called AIPT through the account [private] (now renamed [private], [private]). The code and data of the project warehouse are owned by our company. When we performed the security check, we found that the project code had security risks. Some of the server's account passwords and private interfaces were cracked and attacked. The repository under [private] users has been deleted. At the same time, we found that the user H6yV7Um has forked our repository and still exists.

Here is the repository address and screenshot after the forked:

https://github.com/H6yV7Um/AIPT

[private]

We can provide the following materials to prove the copyright of the repository. First of all, most of the files in the code have a user's statement at the beginning. Some development classmates have already stated our email contact [private], and you can verify the validity of the e-mail.

Screenshot file path: [private]

Screenshot file path: [private]

At the same time, we can also provide a record of the internal svn service we maintain in this project to prove the copyright.

[private]

Because there are internal service interfaces and sensitive data in the code, the use of hackers will cause significant business losses to our company. We hope that github can completely remove the code of https://github.com/H6yV7Um/AIPT, thank you very much!

The following is our contact information:

Company Name: Tencent Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.  
My email address: [private]  
My mobile number: [private]  
Company Address: Tencent Building, Central District, High-tech Park, Nanshan District, Shenzhen, China  
Website: https://www.tencent.com/  

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

For the names of the people mentioned in the above and the company's contact information, I hope to protect the privacy information when the DMCA is aggregated. thank you very much!

Hoping for your response and thanks again！
