Hi [private],

It is nice to be able to use Github such a professional and efficient platfrom,and now we have a need to be very hopefully able to get Github’s support and resolution.

I have read and understand Github’s Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice and GitHub Sensitive Data Removal Policy.

I created a Repository called “xedaojia” in github last year,which contained creators,contents, account name and password are all owned by the me.Later found, that after I deleted,the user named "dalinhuang" completely forked our entire Repository,and it still exists.

The following is Github’s URL and Screenshots about forked Repository:  
l https://github.com/dalinhuang/xedaojia  
l  
Since “xedaojia” contains the company’s important source code, algorithm, system configuration information, and account name and password, belonging to the company’s internal data assets and my privacy, so we hope Github as soon as possible to help me completely remove this fork, and thank you very much!

The following is my contact information:  
l Cellphone: [private]  
l My e-mail Address: [private]  

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.  

AND Also include the following statement: “I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed".  

Hoping for your response, and thanks again.  

Signature：[private]

Best,
[private]
