**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  

Yes.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  

Unity visual effects package / asset, "Ultimate VFX", along with the sub-packages and plugins such as Storm VFX, etc., which are part of the package and in the repo. It contains both code and art.  

Official link on Unity's Asset Store:  

https://www.assetstore.unity3d.com/en/#!/content/26701  

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**  

Anything under this folder: https://github.com/kenmiller521/ReinventTheWheel/tree/master/Assets/Mirza%20Beig  

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  

No.  

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
  
No.  
  
**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  

I'm only concerned with the removal of that specific folder [private], which contains my entire commerical asset hierarchy available for download publicly. The asset is covered by Unity's standard store license.  
  
**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**  

No. If he had his e-mail somewhere, I'd rather just ask him to remove it myself and give him a week or so to comply before filing a notice.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  

I confirm.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  

[private]
