Dear GitHub DMCA Agent:

I am a software engineer of [Weibo](https://weibo.com).

Our team recently found that using `staff.weibo` as github search
keyword can found an full repo which rights owned by us here:

https://github.com/g5srpc/test

Finally, we figure out this is a repo that is an internal project of
our team. Its commits are almost mine [private].
We are so sorry that due to my negligence.
I ever pushed this onto GitHub, and have already removed
as soon as I noticed there are something sensitive in it!

But user `g5srpc` got this repo and pushed onto his GitHub account.
But he doesn't show any public contact information on GitHub,
and we cannot contact with him.
We have already tried to search his id `g5srpc` on Internet.

So we decide to try to get in touch with Github DMCA Agent,
and please help us to remove this repo permanentlly.

I have read and understand the GitHub's Guide
to submit a DMCA Takedown Notice:
https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials
described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by
the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.
I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner,
or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner,
of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

You can contact with me by:

- Name: [private]
- Email: [private]
- Telephone: [private]
- Address: [private]

Many thanks.

[private] / [private]
