Here is the updated notice. Please let me know if you need anything
further:

Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's
behalf?

YES

Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that
has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is
posted online.

I hired this freelancer to help me look at a single portion of my code and
he was not responsive and would not get back to me for weeks. My original
code is listed in [Private] and also
[Private] -- which is set to private.

This freelancer has asked me to help with the project again (8 months
later) and I told him that I was not interested. So his response was to
put my source code in his public repo so that anyone can access my software
illegally.

What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if
the entire repository, the repository's URL:

The entire repo listed here:

https://github.com/mykuis221/LawMap_WebApp

https://github.com/mykuis221/LawMap_Server-API

https://github.com/billionsoftech/LawMap_WebApp

Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or
repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified
separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.

YES - please remove all forks listed above that I could find.

Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source
license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open
source license, or are they in violation of the license?

NO

What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there
specific changes the other person can make other than removal?

REMOVE ME REPO AND ALL CODE FROM THEIR ACCOUNT

Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please
provide it:

https://github.com/billionsoftech

https://github.com/mykuis221

skype id: [Private]

Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith
belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the
infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its
agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described
above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner,
or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty
of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that
I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner,
of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed.

Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA
Takedown Notice:

https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/

YES

So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number
or physical address:

CELL [Private]

EMAIL: [Private]

Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:

[Private]
