**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**  
I am [private] for Etsy.com, and I am authorized to act on behalf of Etsy.com, the owner of the copyrighted works in question.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**
The original copyrighted works are unpublished works of Etsy.com, for which Etsy.com owns all material copyright rights.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**
The following repos constitute materially all copyrighted, unpublished works owned by Etsy.com (except for small sets of open source templates and examples within some repos).  
- [private]  
- [private]  
- https://github.com/bt3gl/Shell-Scripts_and_Dotfiles/tree/master/gcloud
- [private]  
- [private]  
- [private]  
- https://github.com/bt3gl/Intro_to_Kubernetes

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
We are not aware of any forks at this time.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
To the extent the repos above are claimed to be provided under an Apache 2 LICENSE file, CC4.0 for documentation, or another open source license, the creator of the repository did not have the rights to so license the material. There are a small number of open source files such as templates and samples that are part of some of the original works, but they do not purport to cover the repos themselves.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  
We request the repos be taken down as soon as possible.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
Please contact us as soon as possible to discuss.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
I have read and understand the guide.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
[private]
