**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
Craft and Theory is the owner of the content described as FlightDeck which includes code and a specific user interface layout.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
FlightDeck is a user interface available for the FrSky Taranis radio controller. It is available at this url: http://www.craftandtheoryllc.com/flightdeck-taranis-opentx-ardupilot-arducopter-pixhawk-2-cube-servo-frsky-x9d-x7-q-x7-qx7-telemetry-smartport-smart-port-serial/

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**  
Since the layout is generated by the code, we believe the entire repository should be taken down. The repository can be found at this url: https://github.com/yaapu/FrskyTelemetry
The layout has a striking similarity to ours.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
This person has forked the code following our request to yaapu to remove the infringing code: https://github.com/olliw42/FrskyTelemetry

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
Our work is commercial and not released under any open source license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  
The person needs to change the interface layout so that it isn't similar to ours. This person has admitted that they hesitated to release this code because of potential objections to the layout. See [private]  

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
All we know is username yaapu.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
I have read the Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
Phone number: [private]  
Craft and Theory

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
[private]
