**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

I'm authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.



**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**



Our company that Ping An Electronic Payment Co., Ltd. at ShangHai, China is the owner of the project 'fncp-fmg-restruct' and 'nsvp', the codes are in the app of our App 'YiQianBao' on IOS and Android platform, the author of the infringed project codes is now departured. So we cannot contact them to delete the projects. So I ask for your help.



**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**

Here are the URLs of the infringed projects of our company:

1. https://github.com/sdgdsffdsfff/fncp-fmg-restruct

2. https://github.com/sdgdsffdsfff/fncp-fmg-restruct-1

3. https://github.com/liveqmock/nsvp



**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, I do have searched for the forks of the allegedly infringing repositories, Here are the forks repositories URLs:

1. https://github.com/ddy88958620/fncp-fmg-restruct

2. https://github.com/godfatherxm/fncp-fmg-restruct

3. https://github.com/liveqmock/fncp-fmg-restruct

4. https://github.com/shmp2005/fncp-fmg-restruct

5. https://github.com/tyxing007/fncp-fmg-restruct



**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

The projects listed above are not under any open source license, so don't worry about it.



**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

I think the best solution is to remove the repositories listed above.



**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**

I don't have the alleged infrigers' contact information, If I have I may contact with them directly.



**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**



I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.



**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.



**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

Yes, I confirmed that I have read the Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice.



**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

My telephone number is [private]. Call me [private].  



**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[private]  
