We represent Nexon America Inc. and NEXON KOREA Corporation (“NEXON”), a provider of online games, and submit this claim on its behalf. This claim relates to the project at https://github.com/JaspervRijbroek/aurora, which contains files relating to Aurora PS, an unauthorized server emulator relating to NEXON's Mabinogi computer game.

NEXON is the owner of the Mabinogi computer game, including the copyright in the Mabinogi software code, characters and all other content and related images. See http://mabinogi.nexon.net/. These copyrights cover the software code (in source and object format), story elements, characters, items, audiovisual elements, and other aspects of the game. NEXON is also the owner of U.S. Registration No. 3,577,041 in the United States for its MABINOGI trademark, in addition to other registrations worldwide.

The user at https://github.com/JaspervRijbroek/aurora is operating a server emulator that provides access to unauthorized copies, and modified versions of, NEXON’s Mabinogi online computer game. See also https://aurora-ps.eu/, which is referenced on the GitHub page. These actions constitute direct and indirect infringement in violation of the Copyright Act, 17 U.S.C. § 501 et seq., and unlawful circumvention and trafficking in circumvention devices in violation of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”), 17 U.S.C. § 1201, et seq.

The statements in this Notice are accurate, and this firm is authorized to act on behalf of NEXON. This use of NEXON’s intellectual property is not authorized by NEXON, its agents or the law. Such use infringes NEXON’s rights in its copyrighted software and other game content and infringes NEXON’s rights in its registered marks, in violation of the Copyright Act and other applicable laws.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

I have read your Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice//.

Sincerely,

[private]
