**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
Yes, we owned as a company "https://www.allpay.com.tw/”, which is based in Taiwan.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
I accidentally uploaded (https://github.com/regret1537/allpay_web) in my repository but I already deleted them (so there is nothing left from my username). The above link is someone who forked from mine to his repository.

I do not intend to make public since the content was about our company’s credit card transactions, including our user’s private information (user’s account and password), which already caused a breach of personal data (please see the below picture). 

As mentioned above, I already deleted them so there is no repository in my username, but as you can see from the picture below, the content that the person forked is clearly from my username.
 
My username is: shawnchangallpay, and the name of deleted repository is allpay_web.   

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**  
https://github.com/regret1537/allpay_web  

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
Yes, currently no other forks except for the above. 

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
No, the work is not licensed under an open source license and belongs to our company’s proprietary.  

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  
Removing the above repositories would do the job.  

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
The person’s username: regret1537.  

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.  

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
Yes.  

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
My name is [private], and my email address is [private]
My phone number is [private]  
The physical address is: [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
[private]  
