**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**  

Yes.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  

The material being posted in this repository is a blend of course files that I created for my CS 260 class [private], and solutions from a former student in the class, [private]. The entire repo consists of files that belong either to me or to [private], and this user has no right either to have them or to post them.  

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**  

The repo in question is https://github.com/chungtseng/CS260.  

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  

I have not. I'm not aware of any forks, but if they exist, I'd love to have those removed as well, and I'd love your assistance in finding them, if possible.  

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No, they are not open source licensed. In fact, I have no idea how this user got the files, and neither does [private].  

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  

Removal would be sufficient.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**  

I do not: I was hoping to reach out to the user directly, rather than use this DMCA route, but they have not included their contact information on their GitHub home page. A simple request to take this repo down is all I'm looking for, and I wanted to ask nicely before using this more formal route, but am not sure how to be in touch. If you can contact this user and ask nicely (or just send me their contact information so I can ask nicely), I'm happy to try that first instead of a DMCA takedown notice.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  

I have read this.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  

office: [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  

[private]  
