Date: May 9, 2018

Dear Github staff,

My name is [private] and I am [private] of Total System Services, Inc. (d.b.a. TSYS) I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice. An individual has posted without authorization code to your company which is infringing on at least one copyright owned by TSYS.

This class of code is made available exclusively to our Clients and not the general public.
The entire unauthorized and infringing copy can be found at:  
https://github.com/CareliAranda/CarritoCompas/blob/bf6a911a3ca19c9718a0c22f72796ad00137a58e/vendor/bundle/ruby/2.3.0/gems/activemerchant-1.64.0/lib/active_merchant/billing/gateways/trans_first.rb  
We request the removal of all content found at this link.

I've attached a .pdf copy of this letter that contains a sample (and not the entirety) of the content that has been copied without permission by the Github user "CareliAranda".

This letter is official notification under Section 512(c) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"), and I seek the removal of the aforementioned infringing material from your servers. I request that you immediately notify the infringer of this notice and inform them of their duty to remove the infringing material immediately, and notify them to cease any further posting of infringing material to your server in the future.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration. I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Should you wish to discuss this with me please contact me directly.  

Thank you,  
[private]
