Westpac Banking Corporation is the copyright owner of code which is currently uploaded and available for viewing at github.com – see below for information:  
  
Owner	hafizor  
Repo	stgeorge  
File	(multiple)  
Details	Westpac copyright code  
Repository URLs	https://github.com/hafizor/stgeorge  
  
URLs	https://github.com/hafizor/stgeorge  
  
This content is a direct, literal copy of Westpac Baking Corporation’s work.  
  
Westpac requires the deletion of the infringing content.  
  
This letter is official notification under the provisions of Section 512(c) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") to effect removal of the above-reported infringements. I request that you immediately issue a cancellation message as specified in RFC 1036 for the specified postings and prevent the infringer, who is identified by its Web address, from posting the infringing material to your servers in the future. Please be advised that law requires you, as a service provider, to "expeditiously remove or disable access to" the infringing material upon receiving this notice. Noncompliance may result in a loss of immunity for liability under the DMCA.  
  
I have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of here is not authorized by me, the copyright holder, or the law. The information provided here is accurate to the best of my knowledge.  
  
I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice  
  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."  
  
Please send me at the address noted below a prompt response indicating the actions you have taken to resolve this matter.  
  
Kind regards,  
  
[private]    
[private], Westpac Banking Corporation  
e: [private]    
m: [private]    
  
