
August 13, 2018  

GitHub, Inc.  

Attn: DMCA Agent  

88 Colin P. Kelly Jr. St.  

San Francisco, CA  
  
94107  

copyright@github.com  

Re: DMCA Takedown Notice for Broadcom Corporation’s Confidential &
Proprietary Software Code (User: kyuhsim)  

To Whom It May Concern:  

I have read and understand GitHub’s Guide to Filing a DMCA
Notice and submit this letter in compliance therewith. It has recently
come to Broadcom Corporation’s attention that certain of our confidential
and proprietary software code have been posted on your website at the
locations listed below. That confidential and proprietary information
includes, but is not limited to, Broadcom’s unpublished proprietary source
code related to its device drivers, including Broadcom’s BCM4360 5G WiFi
3-Stream 802.11ac Gigabit Transceiver device driver source directory and
associated source code. The infringing content on GitHub is a literal copy
of Broadcom’s copyrighted work, which is evidenced by the many files
which *still
include Broadcom’s copyright notice*, which, for example, recite:  

* This is UNPUBLISHED PROPRIETARY SOURCE CODE of Broadcom Corporation;  

* the contents of this file may not be disclosed to third parties, copied  

* or duplicated in any form, in whole or in part, without the prior  

* written permission of Broadcom Corporation.  

https://github.com/kyuhsim/khsim_repository/blob/72708c6709e3f22a7bb9998cfb4ef7073818fbe0/FutureSys/FutureProj_20141222/hg_clone/D700_wl/clm/include/wlc_clm.h  

Material infringing the copyrighted work appears in a plurality of forked
repositories. This notice is directed to the following repository in which
the infringing copyrighted work appears is as follows:  

· User: kyuhsim  

o
https://github.com/kyuhsim/khsim_repository/tree/72708c6709/FutureSys/FutureProj_20141222/hg_clone/D700_wl  

o
https://github.com/kyuhsim/khsim_repository/tree/72708c6709e3f22a7bb9998cfb4ef7073818fbe0/FutureSys/FutureProj_20141222/hg_clone/D700_wl/clm  

o
https://github.com/kyuhsim/khsim_repository/tree/72708c6709e3f22a7bb9998cfb4ef7073818fbe0/FutureSys/FutureProj_20141222/hg_clone/D700_wl/config  

o
https://github.com/kyuhsim/khsim_repository/tree/72708c6709e3f22a7bb9998cfb4ef7073818fbe0/FutureSys/FutureProj_20141222/hg_clone/D700_wl/exe  

o
https://github.com/kyuhsim/khsim_repository/tree/72708c6709e3f22a7bb9998cfb4ef7073818fbe0/FutureSys/FutureProj_20141222/hg_clone/D700_wl/olpc  

o
https://github.com/kyuhsim/khsim_repository/tree/72708c6709e3f22a7bb9998cfb4ef7073818fbe0/FutureSys/FutureProj_20141222/hg_clone/D700_wl/phy  

o
https://github.com/kyuhsim/khsim_repository/tree/72708c6709e3f22a7bb9998cfb4ef7073818fbe0/FutureSys/FutureProj_20141222/hg_clone/D700_wl/ppr  

o
https://github.com/kyuhsim/khsim_repository/tree/72708c6709e3f22a7bb9998cfb4ef7073818fbe0/FutureSys/FutureProj_20141222/hg_clone/D700_wl/sys  

o

Broadcom requests that the users identified above remove *all* infringing
content from their repositories.  

Please direct any inquiries regarding this notice to:  

[private]  

[private]  

Broadcom Corporation

5300 California Ave.

Irvine, CA 92617

[private]  

[private]  

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described
above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner,
or its agent, or the law.

I swear under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification
is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on
behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Sincerely,

[private]  

[private]  

[private], [private]

(O) [private] | (M) [private]
