Dear Team,

Thanks for the reply. In view of the email received by you we are sending
the present notice as under, while clarifying that the complaints made on
your website is by the same person who is mentioned at the bottom of this
complaint and is also kept in cc of this mail throughout. Therefore the
same may be treated as one complaint notice.

We are acting as the atttorneys and advocates on behalf of the Complainant
company, namely, Myntra designs Private Limited represented by [private], incorporated under the laws of Republic of India. We state that
the under-mentioned details and the data put up in the form of the URL
mentioned hereunder are sole property of the Complainant.

The website of the Complainant can be found by simply searching on google
as it is one of the most reputed e-commerce platforms in India and
worldwide with Flipkart being its parent company. That one of the
ex-employees namely [private] have illegally posted and published the
proprietary software source codes of the Complainant on your website which
can be found on the URL given under

The proprietary software source codes of the Complainant have been
illegally published on your website which can be found on the URL given
under:

https://github.com/MohitJainRepo/OldLotr/tree/ee2ccb79675a7bc30ba4d6bb7dbbd554ae0cc25b/myntra_test

The entire repository of the aforementioned link is infringing the rights
of the Complainant as the Complainant is the sole owner of the same and
therefore is required to be taken down immediately.

The sequence of the proprietary software source codes on the aforementioned
page also clearly shows that the code pertains to the Complainant namely,
Myntra. The entire repository and URL should be taken down immediately.

The aforementioned data on the said URL is infringing the rights of the
Complainant. The said code published on your site/ page is proprietary and
confidential, therefore, clearly depicting the fact that the same has been
posted after either hacking into Complainant's systems or by way of
illegal/ unlawful theft; and the publication of the Complainant's source
code on an open sourcing platform such as yours is of grave concern to the
Complainant whose codes are now vulnerable to duplication, hacking, copying
and can cause considerable financial loss to the Complainant Company.

The source codes uploaded and published are solely owned by the
Complainant and hence such publication violates its rights.

Removal and No other option would be effective.

The same is suspected to be done by [private], as the code was
uploaded with the ID named [private] as the link and the repository
clearly states the same (MohitJainRepo)

Details of the Complainant is as under:

Myntra Designs Private Limited through [private]

Telephone number: [private]  
Address: [private]

- I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials
described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the
copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into
consideration.

- I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed.

*Thanks & Regards*

[private]
