**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**  
- Yes. I am [private] of Hangzhou E-Touch Technology. We are the SI developing the projects. We owned the copyright of these source code.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
- We are the vendor responsible for two internal project for our customer. One of our ex-employee, [private] (github ID: [private]) has submitted the whole source code of two projects into github repository. We have evident that the source code on github is similar to the source code in our internal repository. The source code is our IP right and can not distributed. Upon our request, [private] already removed the source code. However, the source code has been forked by other users (github ID: lixiawss, designreuse). We do not have the contact of these users and will required your assistant to take this down as soon as possible. The URL is:     
https://github.com/lixiawss/optCruiserNew, https://github.com/designreuse/optCruiser, https://github.com/designreuse/optCruiserNew

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**    
- The whole repository should be taken down: https://github.com/lixiawss/optCruiserNew, https://github.com/designreuse/optCruiser, https://github.com/designreuse/optCruiserNew

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
- We have searched and found these forks only.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
- The work is not under any open source license. It is an internal project not to be shared.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  
- Nope. It will need to be removed as soon as possible.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
- Nope, we do not have any contact information, else we already served him/her with legal notice. So we will need your help for removal.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  
- I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  
- I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
- Yes. I confirmed.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
- [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
- [private]
