Good Afternoon,

I have read and understand GitHub’s Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

The work in question are various files held in the following identified repository: (https://github.com/Vigorpush/hacking-collection/tree/master/Hacking/example/bank)

The specific infringements consist of the information contained at the following addresses:

https://github.com/Vigorpush/hacking-collection/tree/master/Hacking/example/bank/BMO%20Bank%20of%20Montreal%20Online%20Banking_files

https://github.com/Vigorpush/hacking-collection/tree/master/Hacking/example/bank/Bank%20anytime%2C%20anywhere%20with%20BMO%20Harris%20Bank%20_%20Banking_files

https://github.com/Vigorpush/hacking-collection/blob/master/Hacking/example/bank/BMO%20Bank%20of%20Montreal%20Online%20Banking.html

https://github.com/Vigorpush/hacking-collection/blob/master/Hacking/example/bank/Bank%20anytime%2C%20anywhere%20with%20BMO%20Harris%20Bank%20_%20Banking.html

The files located at these identified URLs contains proprietary information that belongs to BMO Financial Group, and the original poster had no known legal authority to share this information publicly. This information is confidential and proprietary to BMO Financial Group, was posted on GitHub without company authorization, and potentially poses a security and privacy risk to the company. These specific files also mention hacking of both BMO Financial Group and BMO Harris Bank.

We request that the user remove the following identified content mentioned above.

Contact information for the user is via GitHub user account Vigorpush (no user contact information / readme is listed).

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Kind Regards,  
[private]
