To Whom it may Concern:  
My name is [private], and I am [private] for Akamai Technologies, Inc. (“Akamai”). I have read and understand GitHub’s Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice, and I am submitting this letter to request the removal of certain content (further described below) that infringes one or more of Akamai’s copyrights. Specifically, Akamai recently noticed that several portions of its copyrighted code comprising a JavaScript used in connection with Akamai’s proprietary Bot Manager Service have been posted in the following repository:     https://github.com/sonya75/NikeAccountGenerator/blob/master/nikesensor.py. The following lines infringe Akamai’s copyright: Lines 23-34, 54, 60-71, 80, 96-112, 120, 129, 132, 133, 135, 149, 155, 159, 206, 218-222.  
Akamai’s Bot Manager Service is a commercial service that Akamai sells to customers, and the associated JavaScript code is provided to customers pursuant to licensing restrictions that do not permit de-obfuscation or distribution. The code is not otherwise made available by Akamai. The GitHub user associated with the specified repository is “sonya75”, and this user is not permitted to post the infringing code. Thus, the infringing lines of code should be deleted from the repository. I have a good faith belief that the use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration. I swear under penalty of perjury that, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. To the extent that you have questions regarding, or otherwise would like to discuss, this takedown request, please do not hesitate to contact me at [private], or by phone at [private].  
Thanks,  
[private]
