**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

I am the copyright owner.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Snapcam NAVIGATION STUDIO is a paid Unity asset here:

https://www.assetstore.unity3d.com/en/#!/content/99523

More details about it can be found here:  
https://forum.unity.com/threads/sale-snapcam-navigation-studio-a-suite-of-navigation-tools-for-ultimate-viewport-control.492938/

Below is the link to a more detailed description of the copyright issues (see post made today by [private] that describes similarities (including exact code methods and techniques not available for viewport navigation until yesterday when [private] updated the Asset package on the store).

https://forum.unity.com/threads/scene-view-camera-speed.479526/#post-3395048

These methods were found through my own hard work and trial and error over months of research. They also match the functionality and overall purpose of the paid asset, Snapcam NAVIGATION STUDIO. I can provide code examples where only the variable names were changed, but the overall functionality and framework of that functionality is nearly-identical in nearly every way (including the methods of accepting keyboard input) except for the visual portion of the interface. Scene viewport navigation methods and nearly all code is framed nearly identical (for identical purposes that Snapcam originally used these for framing), including the ability to increment and customize viewport movement speed on the fly with the exact same number and purpose of the included variables. Additionally the timing of the "release" was less than one full day after the release of Snapcam NAVIGATOR STUDIO (also known as Snapcam 2.0) -- in which the timing and functionality included was clearly targeted at removing the market from my product while also stealing its rights to not be copied in any way.

The functionality included in the copyright-infringed material includes the equivalent of the unique "snap" point feature, stolen directly from Snapcam. This is an identifying feature central to its market identify and also its namesake. The methods included in the specified .cs file included a method that served the exact purpose of a similar method to preserve these "snap points", which was to write the user-specified "snaps" onto the user's disk in a custom file format that could later be loaded to preserve those "snap" positions. Very much an identical method to the one included in Snapcam for this very purpose to preserve its own "snap" point locations in the Unity scene.

A copy of the Asset can be provided upon request along with relevant code samples that offend said copyrights (if required and requested.)

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**

https://github.com/Tizzio/UnityCamera/blob/master/CameraSettings.cs

"CameraSettings.cs" is the major offending file, and its functionality to provide both "snap" points and also allow for movement in the viewport (known as the "ViewNavigator" in Snapcam) is indeed clearly identical to the major features of Snapcam NAVIGATION STUDIO, that include the "ViewNavigator.cs" script and "SnapNavigator.cs" as well (the former controls viewport movement, while the latter controls "snap" points handling as well as their saving/loading features.)

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, none exist.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

My work is not open source. It is not allowed to be distributed in any form by anyone other than me or Unity technologies LLC (with my permission.)

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

No specific changes could be specified -- Removal of essentially the entire script's functionality would be required to not interfere with my copyright.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**

[private]

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

I have read it.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[private]
