*I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.*

*I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described
above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner,
or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.I swear,
under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is
accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on
behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.*  
We have identified that this repo here:  
https://github.com/blkopsdev/angular-php

which is owned by user 'blkopsdev' is an exact copy of some of our IP from
our company. The entire repo is copied, not just parts of it.  
Unfortunately we host our code now on [private]: [private], and so we don't have a private repo
you can confirm with. However the following is supporting evidence:

You can see in the readme of the repo linked, that it describes our "Aiva
Create" application. Which you can see that we own via these domains:

aivalabs.com  
aivalabs.com/aiva-create

We are also registered with the Canadian government, you can find our
incorporation documents attached to this email.

It is also seen that the contributors to this clone of the repo:

https://github.com/blkopsdev/angular-php/graphs/contributors

are all members of our organization. And we can always have them vouch for
their ownership in contributing to our IP.

The user who owns this repo would need to completely remove all code from
that specific public repo. However according to the https://help.github.com/
articles/dmca-takedown-policy/, takedown policy outlined here. We would
hope for a Step 6 expedition.

Please contact us via these emails: [private], [private],
[private] or contact us at this number: [private]

[private]

Thanks,  
[private]  
Aiva Labs
