**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, my company OSNEXUS is the copyright owner.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

This is OSNEXUS's core software defined storage product developed over 8 years of engineering, largely written in C++ and Java. It is all commercial software developed and copyright OSNEXUS as is shown at the top of all the source code files.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**

Everything in the pawingard/sds repository is the property of OSNEXUS. The account appears to be owned by an employee that was fired on [Private]. So the posting of our intellectual property appears to have happened one week after.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

We do not see any forks but we request all information you have about how many copies have been downloaded be provided to us. We need to know the extent of the damages to start potential criminal prosecution steps.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No, it is all our commercial software developed and owned by OSNEXUS.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

No, this was a disgruntled employee that was fired then posted the company product to GitHub after termination.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**

We do not, he was fired 12 months ago. [Private], [Private] may have information.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

We are the copyright owner and our source code is not authorized to be posted to the public. I have taken fair use into consideration. This is a criminal action and I have contacted our attorney at Perkins Coie to advise. Our attorney's email address is [Private] [Private].

..I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration..

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice:
https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

[Private], [Private], OSNEXUS, [private], 11711 SE 8th St Suite 305, Bellevue, WA 98005

[Private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[Private]
