Hi! Github,  
We are QIYI.com Inc.It is nice to be able to use Github such a professional and efficient platform, and now we have a need to be very hopefully able to get Github's support and resolution.  
We have read and understand Github's Guide to Filling a DMCA Notice.  
Our company trainee created a Repository called [private], which contained some project configuration information(eg: database username and password) are all owned by the company.Later found that before we deleted, the user named (Zheng-Xuewei) completely copy our entire repository, and it still exists  
The following is Github's URL and Screenshots about our copy repository:  

1) repository URL:  
https://github.com/Zheng-Xuewei/sell_project/tree/master/weixinsell%E6%8B%93%E5%B1%95%E5%8A%9F%E8%83%BD/%E5%9F%BA%E4%BA%8Eredis%E7%9A%84%E5%BC%82%E6%AD%A5%E9%98%9F%E5%88%97%E7%9A%84%E7%94%A8%E6%88%B7%E6%B3%A8%E5%86%8C%E5%BC%82%E6%AD%A5%E5%8F%91%E9%80%81%E9%82%AE%E4%BB%B6%E5%8A%9F%E8%83%BD

2) Screenshots:  
[private]  
3) the allegedly infringing content contains database configuration file and url  
https://github.com/Zheng-Xuewei/sell_project/blob/master/weixinsell%E6%8B%93%E5%B1%95%E5%8A%9F%E8%83%BD/%E5%9F%BA%E4%BA%8Eredis%E7%9A%84%E5%BC%82%E6%AD%A5%E9%98%9F%E5%88%97%E7%9A%84%E7%94%A8%E6%88%B7%E6%B3%A8%E5%86%8C%E5%BC%82%E6%AD%A5%E5%8F%91%E9%80%81%E9%82%AE%E4%BB%B6%E5%8A%9F%E8%83%BD/AsyncMailSend-master/src/main/resources/MyBatis.xml  
[private]  
The contents of the above [private] are important information for our company.

Since sell_project contains the company's important source code, algorithm and system configuration information, belonging to the company's internal data assets, so we hope Github as soon as possible to help us completely remove copy (sell_project/tree/master/weixinsell%E6%8B%93%E5%B1%95%E5%8A%9F%E8%83%BD/%E5%9F%BA%E4%BA%8Eredis%E7%9A%84%E5%BC%82%E6%AD%A5%E9%98%9F%E5%88%97%E7%9A%84%E7%94%A8%E6%88%B7%E6%B3%A8%E5%86%8C%E5%BC%82%E6%AD%A5%E5%8F%91%E9%80%81%E9%82%AE%E4%BB%B6%E5%8A%9F%E8%83%BD) and thank you very much!.  
The following is our contact information:  
Company Name: QIYI Inc.  
My e-mail Address: [private]  
Cellphone: [private]  
Company Address: [private]  
Website: www.iqiyi.com

Include the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."  
Also include the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."

Hoping for your response and thanks again.

[private]

爱奇艺公司  
QIYI.com, Inc.  
[private]
