
Hello Dear Github:

We are [private]. It is nice to able to use Github such a professional and efficient platform , and now we have a need to be very hopefully able to get Github's support and resolution.  

We have read and understand Github's Guide to Filling a DMCA Notice.  

Our company created a Repository called [private] in last year,which contained creators and contents are all owned by the company. Later found that before we deleted,the user named jsj2008 completely forked our entire Repository , and it still exists.  

The following is Github's URL and Screenshots about our forked Repository:  

The Github's URL:https://github.com/jsj2008/PNCMobileBank  

Screenshots：  

Since "https://github.com/jsj2008/PNCMobileBank" contains the company's important source code , algorithm and system configuration information, belonging to the company's internal data assets , so we hope Github as soon as possible to help us completely remove it and thank you very much !  

The following is our contact information:  

Company Name :[private]  

My e-mail Address :[private]  

Cellphone:[private]  

Company Address:[private]  

Website: [private]  

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner,or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.  

The following statement:  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  

Hoping for your response,and thanks again.  

Authorized: [private].  
Copyright Owner：[private]  
