DMCA Notice

1. I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

2. The user has published on github

https://github.com/AlexIljin/tribit

a copyrighted test task used to evaluate programmers in our company called
Tribit (sometimes Bibit). Candidates get the test under strict NDA saying
everything related to the test is strictly confidential. Among other
things, they are not allowed to publish neither the test task description,
nor any (attempted) solutions of it. This github user has published the
test task description, thereby violating his NDA as well as our company's
general copyright of this text.

Therefore also the code accompanying this text infringes our copyright.

4. The user must remove the test task description and any implementations
he has made of it from github and any other location where he may store it.

5. Contact info.  
[private]    
Area9 Innovation -  
Area9 Technologies -  
Area9 Lyceum  

[private]  
tel.: [private]  

6. Contact info of infringer: unknown to me.

7. I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials
described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the
copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into
consideration.

8. I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed.

9.[private]  
Area9 Innovation -  
Area9 Technologies -  
Area9 Lyceum  
