**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**

Yes, I am one out of 3 people who are authorized to use those files for our provided services ([private])

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

One of the works is a Deathrun modification made by [private]. Back in around 2016 he did decide he would not pay for the server that hosted the mod so me and my friend [private] agreed to do it. But we did take it down around year later due to not having that extra money to pay for it. In the end Spring 2017 we decided to have one more go and put servers up again (This time we had this guy who put sources up to this site as aid for paying. Note, that we never shared any sources to him). But for some reason, he didnt like how we ran the servers so he didnt agree to aid us with payment and as a way of expression, he did take down all servers and deleted everything included with it. It happened in February 2018. Since then me and [private] were having discussions whether to put up the servers or not. About 2 months later we got those servers up and running again. But you can guess who didnt like it. As a way to express that he didnt like it, he started to post links of our mods to websites and [private] servers. Jumping into present day. Today we found out that he had posted the files to GitHub

With 2nd repository it's almost same story. [private] sent me and [private] the files back in 2016. But since it wasnt fully functional, it took us few months to finish it and put those up to server. Rest of it merges with the story of first repository

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**

https://github.com/ArsiSyrjala/Amnesia-Deathrun-SourceCode  
https://github.com/ArsiSyrjala/Xenia-GunGame-v2.1-SourceCode

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Luckily, since the repositories were discovered early enough, there are no forks yet.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No, those are not licensed under any of the open source licenses.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

No, there is not. Mainly because he does not even have the rights to have those files in the first place

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

Yes, I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[private]
