**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**

I am writing on behalf of the copyright owner, Euronext Technologies SAS and its affiliates.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The full code disclosed under https://github.com/esolomo/djangorest is related to a project developed internally at Euronext. Additional evidence exists in the disclosed code with explicit information of Euronext internal domains, namely [private] and [private]. This information is present on the following pages of the repository:    
•	https://github.com/esolomo/djangorest/blob/master/templates/navbar.html  
•	https://github.com/esolomo/djangorest/blob/master/templates/auth.html  
•	https://github.com/esolomo/djangorest/blob/master/zk/apps.zk  
•	https://github.com/esolomo/djangorest/blob/master/zk/data  
•	https://github.com/esolomo/djangorest/blob/master/zk/env.zk  
•	https://github.com/esolomo/djangorest/blob/90dba7b29f69702e2cfe1cc982012346985151a7/static/javascripts/auth.js  

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**

The entire repository under https://github.com/esolomo/djangorest/

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

We have no evidence of the existence of any fork.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

This code is Euronext property in totality. Publication on Github is a violation of Euronext’s ownership rights as well as a violation of confidentiality commitments.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

Removal is the only one solution. I have first notified the violation to [private]’s [private], [private], on 4 June 2018 who has agreed that Euronext’s code must be removed from Github.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**

[private] is a French company. It was the employer of the alleged infringer, [private]. [private] is a limited liability company (“[private]”) incorporated under the laws of France, registered in the trade register of under number [private], having its registered office at [private].
Tel : [private]. It is represented by [private], its [private]. Email: [private]
The “esolomo” GitHub account is associated with the user name “[private]” and email address [private]. We do not have [private]’s contact information.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by Euronext, the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that Euronext is the copyright owner and I am authorized to act on behalf of Euronext, the owner of the exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice

I confirm that I have read your Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

[private]  
Office: [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[private]  
[private]  
Office: [private]
