This law firm represents Apple Inc. ("Apple") in intellectual property matters. I write with the following statement and information regarding infringing material posted to the website located at Github.

I, the undersigned, state UNDER PENALTY OF PERJURY that:

1. I am a person injured, or an agent authorized to act on behalf of a person injured by a violation of the U.S. Copyright laws, in particular section 501 of Title 17 of the United States Code, commonly referred to as the Digital Millennium Copyright Act or "DMCA";

2. I may be contacted at:

Name of Injured Party : APPLE INC.  
Name and Title: [private]   
Company: KILPATRICK TOWNSEND AND STOCKTON LLP  
Address: 1001 WEST FOURTH STREET  
City, State, and Zip: WINSTON-SALEM, NORTH CAROLINA 27101  
Email address [private]  
Telephone: [private]  
Fax: [private]  

3. I have a good faith belief that the user-posted screen mock-up sets identified by URL below are unlawful because, among other issues, the files include unauthorized reproductions of Apple's copyrighted animojis images and incorporate Apple's ANIMOJI trademark that has been federally registered with the USPTO (Reg. Nos. 5443406, 5443183, and 4712559). Accordingly, these offerings infringe Apple's rights under the federal copyright and trademark laws, including the DMCA, the Copyright Act, and the Lanham Act.  

4. Reason:  
Content Type: unauthorized downloadable images which bear authorized copies of Apple's copyrighted material and the unauthorized use of Apple's ANIMOJI trademark.  
Violation(s): Copyright Infringement and Trademark Infringement  

5. Please act expeditiously to remove the threads and accompanying attachments found at the following URL:  

https://github.com/insidegui/AnimojiStudio/releases/download/1.2/AnimojiStudio_v1.2.ipa  
https://github.com/insidegui/AnimojiStudio/archive/1.2.zip  
https://github.com/insidegui/AnimojiStudio/archive/1.2.tar.gz  

6. I have a good faith belief that the distribution of the content listed above is not authorized by law because the poster [private] does not have authorization from Apple to use the ANIMOJI trademark or to incorporate Apple's copyrighted Animoji artwork.  

7. The information in this notice is accurate.

Thank you for your kind assistance.

Truthfully,

/[private]/

[Kilpatrick Townsend & Stockton LLP]

[private]
Kilpatrick Townsend & Stockton LLP  
1001 West Fourth Street | Winston-Salem, NC 27101-2400  
office [private] | cell [private] | fax [private]
[private]| My Profile [private] | vCard [private]
