1.	**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?** Yes, we are authorized to act on Nintendo of America Inc.'s behalf.

2.	**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.** The files located at the repository link https://jsemu3.github.io/gba/ contain unauthorized copies of Nintendo's video game software in violation of the law and GitHub's Terms of Service. Nintendo's copyrights include those covered by the following U.S. Copyright Reg. Nos.: (Advance Wars) PA0001191728; (Advance Wars 2: Black Hole Rising) PA0001324714; (Drill Dozer) PA0001353356; (Fire Emblem) PA0001250088; (F-Zero: GP Legend) PA0001250352; (F-Zero: Maximum Velocity) PA0001255599; (Game & Watch: Fire) PA0000136948; (Game & Watch: Rainshower) PA0000188368; (Game & Watch: Mario's Cement Factory) PA0000180908; (Game & Watch: Donkey Kong, Junior) PA0000156161; (Golden Sun) PA0001191726; (Hamtaro 3: Ham-Ham Heartbreak) PA0001199497; (Kirby & The Amazing Mirror) PA0001262693; (Kirby: Nightmare in Dream Land) PA0001191727; (Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past) PA0000576040; (Legend of Zelda: The Minish Cap) PAu002896723; (Mario & Luigi: Superstar Saga) PA0001246739; (Mario Kart – Super Circuit) PA0001108898; (Mario Party Advance) PA0001265552; (Mario Pinball Land: Super Mario Ball) PA0001264837; (Pokémon Emerald) PA0001306449; (Pokémon Fire Red) PA0001249017; (Pokémon Leaf Green) PA0001249016; (Pokémon Mystery Dungeon: Red Rescue Team) PA0001593313; (Pokémon Ruby) PA0001138320; (Pokémon Sapphire) PA0001138321; (Super Mario Advance) PA0001208068; (Super Mario Advance 2: Super Mario World) PA0001250086; (Super Mario Advance 3) PA0001227786; (Super Mario Advance 4: Super Mario Bros. 3) PA0001283738; (Wario Land 4) PA0000847028; (Warioware, Inc: Mega Microgames) PA0001216874. The authorized material may be viewed at Nintendo's website https://www.nintendo.com/.

3.	**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:** Please disable public access to the repository at https://jsemu3.github.io/gba/. The repository provides access to unauthorized copies of Nintendo's copyright-protected video games in violation of Nintendo's exclusive rights.

4.	**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.** We are considering action regarding those matters but are not including them in this notice.

5.	**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?** Nintendo's copyrighted work is not licensed under an open-source license.

6.	**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?** Please immediately remove the files.

7.	**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:** No.

8.	**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

9.	**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."** I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

10.	**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/** I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

11.	**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:** [private]

12.	Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:  
[private]
