**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**  
Yes, I am the owner and developer of my software.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
My can be purchased on my website (https://infistar.de/) and only there, from me. No where else. It is not allowed by my TOS and by law to spread my intellectual property anywhere. Especially not in public like this.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**  
Everything in the sub-folders / files named *infiSTAR* (using * as obvious wildcard.)  
https://github.com/ReaperKeeper34/EXILECONFIGS/tree/master/%40infiSTAR_Exile  
https://github.com/Gr8z/ExileMod/tree/master/addons/a3_infiSTAR_Exile

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
I do every now and then, but that is your job. You allow them to illegally upload my property without prior checking?..  

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
It is not.  

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  
The other person could pay me the full price per view of that repository, which is simply what they owe me after putting it in public.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
No

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  
I've said that it is my content. No good faith needed.. but here you go:
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
Please confirm that you know the law? remove my content.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
[private]
