**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  

copyright owner

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  

* This is my personal website topic for the fee project, the project release address：https://www.ihewro.com/archives/489/

[private]

* On this page, you can see the details of the purchase information, now 55 yuan.

[private]

* This is the exchange group screenshot of a paid user

[private]

* The following picture is my local development environment, including the most original records, and if necessary, I can provide you with inspection.

[private]

I swear that the ownership of the project is my own, and the project is a charge. Free posting to github is a serious tort.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**  

https://github.com/long13374955/handsome

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  

Yes,In the previous DMCA takedown notice, I missed a fork repository address and the fork repository is still heavily infringing.

https://github.com/long13374955/handsome

Hope to disable the warehouse connection as soon as possible

[private]  

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  

The project is not an open source project, a personal charge project, and you can see it from the project's address.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  

The best way is to prohibit anyone from accessing the infringing warehouse or deleting the infringing warehouse

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**  

I was unable to contact the warehouse owner on github, but I submitted a request to the infringement warehouse stating that the warehouse owner had infringed but did not receive a response  

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.  

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  

I'm sure.
  
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  

* my phone Number: [private]  

* my address: [private]  

* my email address: [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  

* Chinese name: [private]  
* English name: [private]
