**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
[private]: I am [private] representing Broadcom Limited and its subsidiaries, the owner of the copyrighted work, Broadcom Switching Network Software Design Kit release 6.3.2.  
**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
[private]: The copyrighted work is a software design kit software package for use solely with Broadcom hardware. The copyrighted work was originally released to Broadcom customers as a gzipped tar file through the Broadcom support portal at http://support.broadcom.com. This URL is no longer active.  
**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**  
[private]: The entire repository (https://github.com/lorchid/bcm-sdk-xgs) should be taken down.  
**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
[private]: There are six forks that infringe my client's copyrights and should be taken down too. These include the following repositories: https://github.com/dihao/bcm-sdk-xgs; https://github.com/jokingmeow/bcm-sdk-xgs; https://github.com/mopasr/bcm-sdk-xgs; https://github.com/neophack/bcm-sdk-xgs; https://github.com/Reedgarden/bcm-sdk-xgs; and https://github.com/rockyfun/bcm-sdk-xgs.  
**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
[private]: The work is licensed under a proprietary license.  
**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  
[private]: The best, and only, solution is removal.  
**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
[private]: I do not have the contact information.  
**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  
[private]: I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.  
**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  
[private]: I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  
**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
[private]: I confirm that I read your Guide.  
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
[private]  
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
[private]
