**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**

I‘m the copyright owner.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The URL is https://gitee.com/gooflow/gooflow . The description is follow:
这是一个用来在WEB端构建流程图的JQuery插件，在线流程设计器。可设计各种流程图、逻辑流图，数据流图，或是应用系统中需要走流程的功能实现。优秀的用户体验使得操作界面很容易上手，无论开者或用户都可轻松使用。并且兼容主流浏览器(ie8--ie edge，chrome，firefox)。

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**

Please take down all the repositories.  
https://github.com/popcornwong/GooFlowCleaned.  
https://github.com/congxiaobaby/https-gitee.com-foolegg126-gooflow.  

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Until now ,I can only find that every repository have only “master” branch.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No, I don't support any open source license since June 6, 2018. They are in violation of the license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

Not only delete these respository, but also disable these ids which belong to the tortfeasors. Because these ids are built just only for publish my repository illegally. And other person can't do any changes.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**

I have only their Github id. "congxiaobaby“ and ”popcornwong“.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice:
https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

Sorry, I can't because my English is so weak that I can only communicate with you by translator with difficulty. But you can contact me by email [private].

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[private]
