Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?  
Authorised to act on the copyright holder’s behalf (the copyright is held by our client the John Lewis Partnership).

Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.  
The copyright work that has been infringed is source code relating to our client’s website. Reproducing the source code on the GitHub website without the consent of the copyright holder infringes the copyright in this source code. The URL where this source code is available on the GitHub website is https://github.com/eusmgan-devops/waitrose

What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:  
The entire repository at https://github.com/eusmgan-devops/waitrose should be taken down as all files within it relate to our client’s website.

Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.  
Our client has searched for forks of the above repository and no forks have been identified.

Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?  
The work is not licensed under an open source licence.

What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?  
The entire repository needs to be taken down so that it is not available to third parties. There are no specific changes the other person can make other than removal.

Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:  
Our client holds contact information for the infringer as they were engaged by our client. However, our client has not shared this information with us and does not wish to share it with GitHub on grounds of data privacy restrictions. If it is essential that this is provided in order to take down the repository, please let us know and confirm how it will be used.

Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/  
I have read GitHub’s Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice at https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/

So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:  
[private] or [private]  
[private], Eversheds Sutherland (International) LLP, One Wood Street, London, EC2V 7WS  
Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:  
[private] for Eversheds Sutherland (International) LLP

[private] | Eversheds Sutherland

T: [private]  
M: [private]  
[private]
