**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**

Yes.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

This developer worked for me and a day after the employment ended he just uploaded the code he worked on at my company. Everything is covered by NDAs, Assigned of IPR etc. (https://github.com/amitpatil321/mesh_app)

My private Github Repo: [private]

He didn't even call the repo something else. Just "Mesh_app"!

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**

https://github.com/amitpatil321/mesh_app

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

https://github.com/ChillarAnand/mesh_app

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

These are all files from my private repo and these 2 were my developers. They just thought I would never find out about this.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

I would say the least would be to take the repos down. I think there needs to be a review at the minimum into their practice because if they can do this to their employer despite of having an agreement I wouldn't be surprised if they have done it to their people. Such people should be really punished they can't just do this just because they are in [private] and I'm in [private]. If it were up to me I would like their GitHub accounts to be suspended and potentially deleted. I know it's harsh but they open sources 1.5 years of dev code! They need to be taught a lesson.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**

[private]  
[private] (Forked the other person's repo, also my employee): [private]

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[private]
