Hello Dear Github:  
We are [private] from [private] at Dalian university of technology. It is nice to be able to use Github such a professional and efficient platform, and now we have a need to be very hopefully able to get Github’s support and resolution.  

We have read and understand GitHub’s Guide to Filling a DMCA Notice.  

We have created a Repository called 'A Bi-directional Message Passing Model for Salient Object Detection' on March 28th, 2018, which contains the link and bib reference of our published paper named 'A bi-directional message passing model for salient object detection'. We have deleted the repository due to my corresponding patent (my Github url is 'https://github.com/luzhang111'. However, we found the user named MathLee completely forked our entire repository and it still exists after I delete my own repository. The following is the Github's URL and the screenshots of the forked repository.  

1.https://github.com/MathLee/A-Bi-directional-message-passing-model-for-salient-object-detection  

2.as shown below.  
Since the repository contain the main implementation code of our paper and it comes down to our application of patent. So we hope Github as soon as possible to help me completely remove 'MathLee/A-Bi-directional-message-passing-model-for-salient-object-detection' and thank you very much.  

The follow is our contact information:  
Organization name: [private], Dalian university of Technology  
My email address:[private]   
Cellphone: private]  
Organization address:[private]  
Website: [private] 

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Hoping for your response and thanks again.

[private]
