To whom it may concern:

Please note that I, [private], am an agent acting on the owner’s behalf, and
represent the entity “NexorPvP.”

This email is dated today, Saturday the 25th of May 2018, the date in which
this email has been electronically sent to the attention of the Digital
Millennium Copyright Act Takedown Notice Complaints at GitHub, Inc., via
email; copyright@github.com. I also confirm that I, myself, have read, and
understand, GitHub’s Guide to Filing DMCA Notices.

I am writing to you to unfortunately inform you that, your website,
github.com, is hosting and allowing access to copyrighted material and
intellectual property of the business entity named “NexorPvP” (nexorpvp.us)
without any form of granted permission by the entity or any of its
representatives. We ensure you, the reader, that the content being
infringed is respectfully owned by NexorPvP. We, NexorPvP, also understand
that your company, GitHub Inc., plays the role of a hosting provider, and
as such doesn’t have the resources to distinguish original content from
copyrighted material.

Taking into consideration of the circumstances and of the International and
United States Copyright Laws, we, NexorPvP, demand that the infringed
material be immediately removed from your hosting service (github.com) and
make an effort to prevent material that infringes copyright being posted by
this user (github.com/InspectMC), by employing any necessary administrative
action immediately against the said user.

This Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) Takedown Notice is pursuant to
Title 17 U.S.C Section §512. We, NexorPvP, respectfully remind you that
failure to comply with this takedown notice will result in GitHub, Inc.
being jointly liable in any action brought against the infringing party.

The infringing content, which is to be removed immediately upon review of
this DMCA takedown notice, is as follows:

https://github.com/InspectMC/HCEssentials

https://github.com/InspectMC/dUtils

This user (github.com/InspectMC) is intentionally and deliberately
infringing the intellectual property rights of NexorPvP, and the entity
“WenjaPvP” that we are not affiliated with, by publishing material that
infringes copyright to your website (github.com). It is very clear that
this material infringes copyright of said entity, NexorPvP. By taking a
quick glance at said repositories, you can easily tell that the material is
indeed infringing property rights of NexorPvP. In the repository
“HCEssentials,” you can see that the file inside this repository, named
“README.md,” reads, and I quote;

“This was a leak due to the fact [private] wants to talk shit. This plugin
is currently being used on NexorPvP some irrelevant server I started and
sold to [private]. Their staff team been constantly talking shit so gotta
leak some shit now. Usually I’m not like this but whatever.”

This comment is not only proving that this material is infringing
copyright, but also defamation against the said entity, NexorPvP, which is
also infringing International and U.S Defamation Laws against entities and
individuals.

By looking at the package names inside the folder “src/main,” you can also
see that the package name contains the name of one of our current Software
Engineers, who is known as “[private],” who is working for NexorPvP. We,
NexorPvP, have also made this individual aware of this content being posted
to your website (github.com) and he has confirmed with us that he also
wishes for this content to be removed from your website immediately.

Having been said that this user’s sole intention is to post private and
intellectual property, we respectfully ask that you immediately take all
necessary actions to prevent said user from continuing to distribute
material that infringes copyright and intellectual property rights to your
service (github.com); particularly, termination of the said user’s account (
github.com/InspectMC).

We, NexorPvP, and I, [private], believe that we have made it very clear that
said user’s purpose is to only publish leaked, private, and intellectual
property of NexorPvP. We believe that any normal person would understand
that this user’s sole purpose is to infringe the copyrights and
intellectual property rights of others. Since this has been made very
clear, failure to terminate the copyrighted material posted by said user (
github.com/InspectMC) to your website (github.com) may subject GitHub, Inc.
to civil liability for permitting this copyright infringement to occur.
NexorPvP demands that said user’s account (github.com/InspectMC) be
terminated from your service as the account is being used to take part in
distribution of copyrighted, private material, as well as defamation
(slander), and in general, malicious acts against NexorPvP.

For fulfilling the requirements of this DMCA takedown notification pursuant
to 17 U.S.C Section §512:

I state UNDER THE PENALTY OF THE PERJURY that: I am the owner, or an agent
authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed. I have a good faith belief that the use of the
material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright
owner, its agent, or the law; and this notification is accurate.

Kindest regards,

[private], NexorPvP

Contact phone: [private]

Contact email: [private]

Contact website/website of entity: nexorpvp.us
