Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?
 
I am authorized to act on behalf of HM Health solutions, the copyright owner.
 
Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.
 
The following repository https://github.com/Beeku9/PJ-DP/ is a clone of an early version of an application developed internally at HM Health Solutions in Pittsburgh, PA by our Health Risk Solutions team. The infringed application is an externally facing e-Services application provided to sales representatives to view information for groups they support. Additionally, contained in this repository is a valid application id and associated password.
 
What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:
 
The entire repository and all code contained within it should be taken down: https://github.com/Beeku9/PJ-DP/.
 
Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.
 
We have searched for forks of the infringing repository but have not been able to identify any, any information GitHub could provide as to downloads from this repository would be extremely helpful.
 
Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?
 
The work that is being infringed upon is not under an open source license.
 
What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?** removal of all code from the repo
 
The best solution for the infringement is the complete removal of the infringing repository and all code contained within it.
 
Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:
 
The username is Beeku9, and per code comments the code was uploaded by [private] who is a former employee of HM Health Solutions. The address of [private] is [private]. We do not at this time have his phone number or email address.
 
Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."
 
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.
 
Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."
 
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
 
Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**
 
I can confirm that we have read the Guide to submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice.
 
So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:
 
[private]  
[private]
 
Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:
 
[private]
