1.	Yes, I am the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.  

2.	I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.  

3.	Identify the copyrighted work you believe has been infringed.  

Original Work: I have a good faith belief that the website, https://github.com/Hennamann/CEP-Spectrum-Boilerplate offers items and contains materials that are not authorized by the IP Owner, or the law, and therefore infringes the IP Owner's rights. The reasons that the URL website must be suspended are as follows:  
a.	Offers pirated software or otherwise unauthorized item that violates the IP Owner's trademarks and copyright.

b.	Misuses the IP Owner's brand name, trademarks and copyright.

c. A site that posts information on how to crack, hack, or get serial numbers for Adobe's copyrighted software.

4.	Identify the material that you allege is infringing the copyrighted work listed in item #3, above.

To start, no aspect of Spectrum has been publicly released or open-sourced (including engineering resources such as the tool in question). Currently all of our work is internal and confidential property of Adobe. This project is a public exposition of the Spectrum Design System with licensing that suggests it’s free to use and officially supported by Adobe, which is not true.

We have been working hard with very strategic goals regarding what, when, and how we will release Spectrum and any tooling or resources (such as our own CSS framework, Spectrum-CSS) in a way that adheres to our requirements. ‘Spectrum’ is also not an official brand entity, as it’s currently still an internal design system (design, resources, tooling). We do not support this tool or any of its claims.

Here are a few of the claims that are concerning (found in the README file):  
•	"This boilerplate is designed for use with CEP extensions for Adobe Photoshop CC 2015 - CC 2017 and Adobe Illustrator CC 2017 to make the extension ui match the host application interface, it uses the official Spectrum UI made for Photoshop.”  
•	"All the CSS, JS and HTML files are documented by Adobe or Myself”  
•	"Spectrum UI is a new CSS/JS UI framework made by Adobe for use in CC web apps and future versions of the CC desktop apps like Adobe Illustrator and InDesign”  
•	In the license: "Copyright (c) 2016 [private]. All rights reserved.”  

5.	Explain what the affected user would need to do in order to remedy the infringement.

The affected user needs to remove all downloads and files on https://github.com/Hennamann/CEP-Spectrum-Boilerplate.

6.	Provide your contact information.

Copyright Holder's Name: Adobe Systems Incorporated  
Name: [private]  
Title: [private]  
Company Name: Adobe Systems Incorporated  
Email Address: [private]  
Telephone Number: [private]  
Address: 345 Park Avenue San Jose, CA US

7.	Provide contact information, if you know it, for the alleged infringer.

URL: https://github.com/Hennamann/CEP-Spectrum-Boilerplate
Username: Hennamann

8.	Include the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."

The reported URLs are infringing Adobe Systems Incorporated’s copyright. I have a good faith belief that the use of the material is not authorized by the intellectual property owner, its agent, or the law (e.g. it is not fair use). I represent that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that I am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. As applicable under 17 U.S.C 512(f), I acknowledge that I may be subject to liability for damages if I knowingly materially misrepresent that material or activity is infringing.

9.	Also include the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."

The information in the notification is accurate and under penalty of perjury that the Complaining Party is the owner or is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

[private]  
Adobe Systems Incorporated  
[private]
