DMCA Notice

Date: September 5, 2018

Dear GitHub Team:

I, the undersigned, state UNDER PENALTY OF PERJURY that:

[1] I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice;

[2] I am a person injured, or an agent authorized to act on behalf of a person injured by a violation of the U.S. Copyright laws, in particular Section 501 of Title 17 of the United States Code, commonly referred to as the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, or "DMCA";

[3] I May Be Contacted At:

Name of Injured Party:

Apple Inc. ("Apple")

Name and Title:

[private], [private]

Company:

Kilpatrick, Townsend & Stockton LLP

Address:

Two Embarcadero Center, Suite 1900

City, State, and Zip:

San Francisco, CA 94111

Email Address:

[private]  

Telephone:

[private] 

Fax:

[private]  

[4] I have a good faith belief that the identified repository files listed below (by URL) are unlawful under these laws because, among other things, the files offer to distribute a copyrighted item without authorization from the owner of the copyright;

[5] Reason:

Type:

Reproduction of Apple's internal shell scripts. These scripts are proprietary and confidential, and they include Apple's copyright and confidentiality notices. The scripts are not open-source.

Violation(s):

Copyright Infringement

[6] Please act expeditiously to remove or disable access to the following repository files:

https://github.com/PeinW/PowerAnalyze/blob/master/lib/validation_lib/session_lib/tcprelaymanager.py
https://github.com/PeinW/PowerAnalyze/blob/master/lib/validation_lib/session_lib/bbcmdstore.py
https://github.com/PeinW/PowerAnalyze/blob/master/lib/validation_lib/session_lib/usbutils.py
https://github.com/PeinW/PowerAnalyze/blob/master/lib/validation_lib/linklib/prompts.py
https://github.com/PeinW/PowerAnalyze/blob/master/lib/validation_lib/linklib/usbterm_link.py

Printed below for your reference are representative screenshot examples of the infringing content at issue.

[private] 

[7] I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration; and

[8] I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Thank you for your kind assistance.

Truthfully,

[private] 

[Kilpatrick Townsend & Stockton LLP]
