**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s
behalf?**  
Yes, I am the owner of the dev shop that was hired by Troy-BIlt(Client) to
build out this application. This freelance developer has cloned the private
repo to his public github. For no other reason then to just have. Any work
that he may have contributed was suppose to be push only to the company
private repository.

There is sensitive keys and auth tokens being shared publicly, which will
need to be changed.

I have already tried to reach out directly to the developer, which there
was no response.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work
that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it
is posted online.**  

- [private]  

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if
the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**  
Please remove entire repository. Thank you.

- https://github.com/alpha-bird/troy

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or
repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified
separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  

Yes, I have only come across this and no other forks or clones.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open
source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the
open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
This is not open source software, and is solely licensed to Troy-Bilt and
author Wildebeest.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there
specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  
No, please remove completely.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please
provide it:**  
[private] - hired through [private], however [private] has since ban him
from further soliciting work through their platform for unknwon reasons.
[private]

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith
belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the
infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its
agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  

"I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described
above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner,
or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.”

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty
of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that
I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner,
of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  

"I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed.”

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA
Takedown
Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/
<https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/>**  

Yes, I have read the guide.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone
number or physical address:**  
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
[private]  

**Partner, Wildebeest**  
**[private]**  
<http://wildebee.st/>
