September 14, 2018  
To Whom it may Concern:  
My name is [private], and I am [private] for Akamai Technologies, Inc. ("Akamai"). I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice, and I am submitting this letter to request the removal of certain content (further described below) that infringes one or more of Akamai's copyrights. Specifically, Akamai noticed that its copyrighted code has been posted to Github in connection with the two commits (i.e. projects/portal and sandbox/anbhat) available at https://github.com/ystory/akamai/. For the sake of clarity, all of the code associated with these two commits is Akamai's proprietary code. The code is associated with Akamai's customer portal, a proprietary tool made available only to active Akamai customers and only pursuant to specific terms of use that do not permit distribution of the associated code. The code is not otherwise made available by Akamai. The GitHub users associated with these commits are "ystory" and "[private]", and these users are not permitted to post the infringing code. Thus, the infringing code should be deleted. I have a good faith belief that the use of the copyrighted materials described above is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration. I swear under penalty of perjury that, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. To the extent that you have questions regarding, or otherwise would like to discuss, this takedown request, please do not hesitate to contact me at [private], or by phone at [private].

Best regards,  
[private]  
Akamai Technologies, Inc.
