
**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**  
Yes, we are the rightful exclusive licensee (per a Software License Agreement, available on demand) and owner of derivative works.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
The original copyrighted work that has been infringed is exclusively licensed to our organisation and certain derivatives based on it are owned by our organisation which owns the GitHub organization account [private]  
The source code in the repository [private] has been infringed and posted to the account of the 'WizardDeveloper', the unauthorized user

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**  
Member ‘WizardDeveloper’ has a copy of the entire repository, which can be found here;  
https://github.com/WizardDeveloper/vue_react_django

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
To the best of our knowledge, there are no known forks of the repository.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
No. The work is not licensed under any open source license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  
In addition to removing the repository, we would like full details from the member on who has accessed the infringing repository and how many times has it been downloaded.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
Through some internet searching we have the following details about the infringer;  
[private]

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
I confirm that I have read the Guide.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
CONFIDENTIAL - NOT TO BE SHARED: [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
CONFIDENTIAL - NOT TO BE SHARED: [private]
