**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**  
Yes. Circle Internet Financial, Inc. (formerly known as Boston Internet Financial Services) is the owner of the copyright.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
Description:
URL: https://github.com/pandala/platform  
The original copyrighted work Common Source Code Library. None of it is open sourced. We have a private repository, Circle Fin.
Source Code for our private repository: [private]  

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**  
We request that the entire repository be taken down. Please see the link below:  
https://github.com/pandala/platform

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
We have searched and found no forks.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
The work is not licensed under an open source license. It is private material.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  
The best solution would be to remove the entire contents because the hosted content is a direct, literal copy of our work.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
No

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

I confirm that I have read Github’s Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/

Physical Address: 99 High Street, Suite 1701, Boston, MA 02110

Full name: [private]
