DMCA Copyright Infringement Takedown Notification  

Attn: Copyright Agent, github.com  

support@github.com  

This communication serves as official notification under Section 512(c) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) that:

Western Governors University ("WGU") holds United States Copyright interests in WGU degree program test materials. It has recently come to WGU's attention that the domain github.com, which appears to be located on computers or servers under your control, contains exam questions from WGU materials entitled "VGT Scripting and Programming - Applications" (the "Works"). The Works are protected by United States Copyrights.

WGU is seriously concerned with the apparent wholesale taking and unauthorized copying and use of the Works. I, the undersigned, certify under penalty of perjury that: (i) I am authorized to act on behalf of WGU; (ii) that WGU is the owner of the copyright(s) in the Work(s); (iii) that I have a good faith belief that the use of the Works on the web pages listed below is not authorized by WGU, its agents, or the law; and (iv) that the information in this notice is accurate. (See 17 U.S.C. §512.)

https://github.com/careecodes/vgt1  

Full Section beginning with  

[cid:image005.jpg@01D3AB0F.716B8F90]

This section and everything below it is WGU assessment material.

This notice is provided to you, as the designated agent of the service provider associated with the web page(s) identified above. Under 17 U.S.C. § 501 et seq., you may be held liable for "damages, costs, attorneys' fees, and any other form of monetary payment" for any infringement of the Works using your computers, systems, or networks. To limit your potential liability and receive the benefit of certain liability limitations provided under applicable law, you must act "expeditiously to remove, or disable access to, the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity." (See 17 U.S.C. § 512.)

To prevent unauthorized distribution of the Works via your computers, systems, and networks, I request that you immediately prevent access to the Works located on the web pages identified above. Further, I request that you prevent the infringer from posting the infringing material to your servers in the future. Additionally, since under 17 U.S.C. §512 you may receive a subpoena requiring you to supply us with the name and other identifying information for the alleged infringer, we request that you retain all files and documents necessary to recover such data.

Please send me a prompt response indicating that you have responded "expeditiously to remove, or disable access to, the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity" and performed the other requested actions. (See 17 U.S.C. §512.) This letter does not constitute an exhaustive statement of WGU's legal position, nor is it a waiver of any of its rights and/or remedies in this or any other matter, all of which are expressly reserved. Failure to comply will cause WGU to consider taking the full legal remedies available to rectify this situation.

[private]  

Western Governors University  
4001 South 700 East, Suite 700  
Salt Lake City, UT 84107  
[private]  
