**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**  
We are Security Team of WeDoctor Group, China.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
Our company staff created a repository named "work" on Sept 8 at 2017. Unfortunately, this repository contained sensitive information such as creators, contents, domain, login user and passwords. The origin link is [private]. And we deleted it immediately.  
[private]

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**  
However, this day we found another user named "huimingxie" already forked the entire repository. This cannot be controlled by our side.The link is "https://github.com/huimingxie/work"

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
Yes, we only find this one right now.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
No, All these information is owned by WeDoctor Group.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  
The repository contains critical source code and sensitive credential information of our company, we do hope Github could help us completely remove the repository "huimingxie/work".

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
No, we can't contact with the user.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
Yes, I had read about it.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
Website: https://www.guahao.com  
Address: [private]  
My Cellphone: [private]  
My email: [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
[private]
