**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**

Authorized representative.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

We are writing to you on behalf of Citi Bank, who contracts with us to detect and remove online threats against their clients.

We bring to your attention the following website which is hosted on your server:

URL: https://github.com/luisAHv/reportes-Doc1
IP Address: [private]

We believe this user is posing a threat to our client by posting confidential documents and information pertaining to our client., and we ask that you take immediate action to remove it from the Internet.

All the .docx files are confidential internal documents, .xlsx files contain confidential personal IT information. The .txt files contain either code or links and information internal to Citibank Banamex.

We request this user and content be removed from your servers an the Internet as there is obvious malicious activity going on without authorization from Citibank.

If you need assistance with the effort of removing this content, we're here to help. If you have any evidence you're willing or able to provide to support our investigation, please send it to [private]. If you believe this content should be allowed to remain on your server, please inform us so we can work with Citi Bank to resolve this report.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**

Target: https://github.com/luisAHv/reportes-Doc1

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

It does not appear that there are any other forks to the reported target.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

It is not, these are internal documents.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

The best and only action would be to remove the content entirely and refrain from doing so in the future.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**

Threat Actor Profile: https://github.com/luisAHv

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

Yes.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

[private]  
[private]  
LookingGlass Cyber Solutions  
Phone: [private]  
Email: [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**
[private]  
