**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**  
YES

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
Code submissions containing domain/infrastructure relevant information as well as token data. All code created whilst under the employment of the company is company property, and this is residing in a non-official repository, thus not an authorised submission.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**  
https://github.com/bhatla1983/ankur/blob/master/TIS%2BAIS%2BWEB%2BIHS%2BApp%2BCreator.json  
https://github.com/bhatla1983/ankur/blob/a3d20bf25d94f71a1aa6d3232eca7c66b7b4ffe7/addUDAppProcess_all_apps.sh  
https://github.com/bhatla1983/ankur/blob/a3d20bf25d94f71a1aa6d3232eca7c66b7b4ffe7/ankur.txt  
https://github.com/bhatla1983/ankur/blob/a3d20bf25d94f71a1aa6d3232eca7c66b7b4ffe7/product_creator.pl  
https://github.com/bhatla1983/ankur/blob/a3d20bf25d94f71a1aa6d3232eca7c66b7b4ffe7/uc_prereqs.sh  
https://github.com/bhatla1983/ankur/blob/a3d20bf25d94f71a1aa6d3232eca7c66b7b4ffe7/wsadmin.zip  

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
NO. No forks noted. Links are to specific files containing data.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
Corporate information.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  
Redact every reference in every file to the hide infrastructure, token and configuration information.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
No. Ex-employee.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  
"I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
Confirmed

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
[private]  
Fidelity International, Millfield Lane, Tadworth, Surrey KT20 6RP

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
[private]
