**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**   
Yes

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
The SGX Device Driver Kit (DDK) for our hardware. We license both the hardware and software as intellectual property to our customers. It is not made available by publicly accessible URL.

It includes but is not limited to an OpenGL ES device driver.  

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**  
https://github.com/jumoog/gfx_linux_ddk/tree/master/docs  
https://github.com/jumoog/gfx_linux_ddk/tree/master/eurasia  
https://github.com/jumoog/gfx_linux_ddk/tree/master/glsl_compiler  
All of it as it is clearly ours as documented in the files themselves. This top level NOTICE file has been incorrectly added to the package.  
This tree does include the correctly listed GPL code in the tree at https://github.com/jumoog/gfx_linux_ddk/tree/master/eurasia_km and below.  
The implied GPL has been applied to the whole source tree which is incorrect.  
This can be left if need be.  
There is no violation of the GPL license, we are asking for a takedown as it is a violation of our license.  

**Have you searched for any? Each forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**   
Yes.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  
Removal 

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
[private] (username: jumoog) of [private]

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
Confirmed

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
[private], [private] on behalf of Imagination Technologies Limited
