**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
Yes, I am the copyright owner of the code in the repository at https://github.com/webfashionist/RichText .

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
The original copyrighted work ( located at https://github.com/webfashionist/RichText ) is a WYSIWYG editor based on jQuery (JavaScript). The idea was to create an easy-to-use and easy-to-implement editor which can be used in Content Management Systems or any similar tools.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**  
Probably the whole repository should be taken down as it seems to only work as a download and preview platform for the repository's owner website: [private] and it mainly includes original files of the original RichText repository.

The repository is the following: https://github.com/oscaruhp/RichTextMini  
The preview page: https://oscaruhp.github.io/RichTextMini/

The files which were copied from the original repository are:  
- https://github.com/oscaruhp/RichTextMini/blob/master/css/richtext.min.css (RichText's core CSS code)  
- https://github.com/oscaruhp/RichTextMini/blob/master/css/site.css (Code of one of the example pages)  
- https://github.com/oscaruhp/RichTextMini/blob/master/js/jquery.richtext.js (RichText's core JavaScript code)  
- https://github.com/oscaruhp/RichTextMini/blob/master/index.html (Code of one of the example pages being slightly modified to be adapted to the new repository structure and Google Ads have been added here)  

The preview page (at the ? - button) and the core JavaScript code still include my repository URL and the name of the license even though the repository owner doesn't indicate anything related to it and even writes [private] on the README file. Additionally, the license note from within the code is not directly noticeable for any users using or downloading the code.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
The allegedly infringing repository has not yet been forked.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
The work is under the GNU Affero General Public License v3.0 license.
The allegedly infringing repository doesn't include any license file and copyright owner name, but it shows a "[private]" which can be understood as if they would want to take the copyright ownership.

The following license conditions are being violated:
- License and copyright notice (license and copyright notices are missing, even if the code itself does include them as they were already in the code before the person copied it, neither their website nor the repository itself shows them).
- State changes (not many changes were made, but they are not stated)
- Disclose source (the original source has not directly been disclosed (like through the README file), even if it's still written in the code)
- Network use is distribution (they are distributing an older version of the original code through the Github repository, Github.io and their website linking to the download URLs of the repository without having any permissions to use the original code with modified licenses or to distribute it)
- Same license (the allegedly infringing repository doesn't have any license notice, so the same license is not being used for that specific repository)

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  
Creating a fork of the original work would probably be the best solution. If any changes would be made based on the original code, adding RichText as a git sub module (by respecting the license conditions) to the repository, would be an additional option.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
The only contact information I have, is the contact information publicly available on the Github profile:
- Email: [private]  
- Website: [private]

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
I have read the Guide to Submitting a DCMA Takedown Notice under that given URL.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
My phone number is: [private]  
I am as well reachable under the provided email address: [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
[private]
