Dear GitHub/SpeakerDeck DMCA Agent:

Owner/authorization: This firm represents Solera Holdings, Inc. ("Solera"), owner of the copyrighted works that are the subject of this notice and takedown request (note that in addition to being copyrighted, these works also contain trademarks, trade secrets, and highly confidential and proprietary information of Solera). I am authorized to act on the copyright (and intellectual property) owner's behalf on this matter.

Description of work infringed: The works infringed (and misappropriated or otherwise stolen) are my client's original unpublished copyright-protected slide presentations (that likewise contain trademarks, trade secrets, and highly confidential/proprietary information of Solera or its affiliates). The infringed (and misappropriated or otherwise stolen) content appears in the entire nine slide presentations posted by SpeakerDeck user "[private]" on March 20, 2018 at the URL identified below.

URL of infringing (and misappropriated or otherwise stolen) files to be taken down:

https://speakerdeck.com/amberaustem/comparison-between-solera-and-control-expert.

Forks: We have searched, and there do not appear to be any forks of the infringing files.

Open Source: The copyrighted (as well as trade secret and proprietary) works are not licensed under any open source license.

Solution: the best solution for the infringements (as well as misappropriations, and other IP thefts) are immediate and permanent removal, along with disclosure to Solera of any information GitHub/SpeakerDeck has that would assist Solera in identifying the person(s) owning the account "[private]" or using GitHub/SpeakerDeck to post the above infringing (and misappropriated or otherwise stolen) content using the "[private]" account.

Infringer's Contact: Solera does not have the contact information for the infringer(s) (misappropriator/thief), and, because of the extent and nature of rights infringed and the urgency of the situation, requests GitHub/SpeakerDeck's assistance in discovering same (see Solution, above).

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

I have read GitHub/SpeakerDeck's Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/.

Contact for Owner's Authorized Agent:

[private]  
Computerlaw Group LLP  
401 Florence Street  
Palo Alto, CA 94301   
[private]  
[private] direct | [private] main | [private] fax

Signature:  
/s/ [private] for Copyright/IP Owner Solera Holdings, Inc.
