**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**

I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf. I am [private] with Foley & Lardner LLP, 3000 K Street NW, Suite 600, Washington, DC 20007. Foley & Lardner has been retained by the owner of the copyright, Chegg, Inc., to enforce its intellectual property rights.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Chegg, through its website, available at the URL http://www.chegg.com, provides students access to, among other things, proprietary educational materials protected by United States Copyright law. Specifically, Chegg’s successful and highly profitable “Chegg Study” service allows students to access written step-by-step guided solutions to textbook problems, and then to confer with experts and tutors regarding those solutions, in order to improve study habits and classroom outcomes. Access to the Chegg Study service is limited to registered users with a paid subscription. Furthermore Chegg's website, name, and logo are protected by US copyright and trademark law.

The files identified below clearly violate Chegg's copyright because they are screenshots of Chegg's website and proprietary course materials.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**

https://github.com/Sultron/static-images/blob/master/chapterproblem.png  
https://github.com/Sultron/static-images/blob/master/solution.png  
https://github.com/Sultron/static-images/blob/master/textbook.png  
https://github.com/Sultron/static-images/blob/master/chromestore.png  
https://github.com/Sultron/static-images/blob/master/textsheet.png  

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

There do not appear to be any forks of the infringing files/repository.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

The material is not under an open source license

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

This user, Sultron, has posted numerous files in clear violation of Chegg's copyright and the best solution would be to terminate this user's account. Short of terminating the user's account each of the files identified above must be removed as the improperly reproduce Chegg's copyrighted materials.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**

We do not have the infringer's contact information

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

I have read GitHub's Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

Phone:  
[private]

Address:  
[private],  
Foley & Lardner LLP,  
3000 K Street NW, Suite 600,  
Washington, DC 20007

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[private]
