Takedown Notice Pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998

To Whom It May Concern, This is a notice in accordance with the Digital
Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (DMCA) requesting that you immediately
cease to provide access to copyrighted material.

I wish to report an instance of Copyright Infringement, whereby the
infringing material appears on a website for which you are the host.

The infringing material, which I contend belongs to me, is the following:

Playtika

https://github.com/mikhalenia/logroom-server

The original material is located on my website at the following URLs:

https://www.playtika.com/

The infringing material is located at the following URLs:

https://github.com/mikhalenia/logroom-server/blob/master/package.json

Explain what the affected user would need to do in order to remedy the
infringement:

Please remove all content in the mentioned above URLs.

My contact information is:  

E-mail address: [private]  

Name: CyberInt SOC  

Mailing address: [private]  

Telephone number: [private]  

I have a good faith belief that the use of the described material in the
manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent,
or by operation of law. The information in this notice is accurate, and I
am either the copyright owner or I am authorized to act on behalf of the
copyright owner. I declare under the perjury laws of the United States of
America that this notification is true and correct.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described
above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner,
or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed

Signed: [private], CyberInt SOC  

Date: 09/07/2018  
