**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**  
Yes, this code is owned and used by Reivax S / A and I am authorized to request removal.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

This code has not been released and released for external use, are codes sources of Reivax S / A ERP customizations. Your code has business rules of the company and can not be publicly disclosed, are codes of property of Reivax and no one is authorized to publish it in any public place.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**  
The entire repository should be removed:  
https://github.com/wtnj/reivax-producao

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
Yes

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
We do not do open source licensing.  
The files are used internally in our repository for ERP development, they are not published for external use.  
The code files are owned by the company Reivax S / A and used internally in development of our ERP and should not be published in a public place, since they have confidential information of the company.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  
Remove the repository completely.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
We do not know the offender.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
Confirmed

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
[private]  
Fone: [private]  
Fax: [private] 
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
[private]
