**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
Yes

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
Apple's proprietary internal application files, which include internal iOS applications for Apple's retail division, such as the Apple Sales Web.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**  
https://gist.github.com/q3hardcore/1f1aa4419c29086fb0959325b61bb1bf  
This repository makes available a spreadsheet that provides numerous links to Apple's internal and proprietary business files/materials. Further, the names of files referenced in the asw.csv document at issue, and the descriptions of materials associated with those files, are, in and of themselves, proprietary and confidential information. Dissemination of such information could interfere with Apple's business.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
yes   
https://gist.github.com/MacCamintosh/6df0d58f937d25f990164ab68a762f20  
https://gist.github.com/rkundrata/525a2ddac7143fae12c59c50c7cc696a    
https://gist.github.com/enzocaggiano/2a1eaf3492c2b8af0fd427c033b591cb  

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  
Removal of asw.csv file

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
No

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
I confirm that I have read GitHub's Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
[private]
