Hello GitHub Team,

Per my recent email correspondence with the Github support team, I was asked to submit a DMCA request to have the content on https://github.com/niefengxueyin/Business-OnlinePayment-BankOfAmerica removed for containing BAC proprietary code. I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice. I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.

Bank of America is the owner of the copyright in its Stripes Design:

[redacted]

Bank of America is the owner of the trademarks BANK OF AMERICA and the Stripes Design logo.

The trademark can be found on the following website: http://assignments.uspto.gov/assignments/q?db=tm&qt=sno&reel=&frame=&sno=75561687

The copyright registration can be found on the following website: http://cocatalog.loc.gov/cgi-bin/Pwebrecon.cgi?Search_Arg=VA0001682370&Search_Code=REGS&PID=XsT2Uef91p0gBG4MHUihGIoCyTAQB&SEQ=20171212211247&CNT=25&HIST=1

You are currently offering and hosting the Design in proprietary code found: URL https://github.com/niefengxueyin/Business-OnlinePayment-BankOfAmerica. The Website is misappropriating Bank of America's intellectual property for its own commercial gain. The Website contains Bank of America's copyrighted trademarks and proprietary code.

I hereby state that Bank of America is the owner of the copyright in the Stripes Design displayed in the code on the Website and that to the best of my knowledge and belief, the infringing use was not authorized by it, its agents or the law. I further declare, under penalty of perjury, that this notice is accurate and that I am authorized to act on behalf of Bank of America in this matter. Pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, 17 U.S.C. ยง 512, and your Terms of Service, Bank of America hereby requests that you remove and/or limit access to the infringing material on your website as soon as practicable.

You may reach me by email at [private] if you have any questions about this matter. The foregoing is not intended as a complete statement of our rights and remedies, all of which are hereby expressly reserved.  
Regards,  

[private]  
Bank of America
