**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
Yes, I am the copyright owner.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
The repository containing the code is currently on GitHub. It is a private repository currently owned by an GitHub organization that I own. Linked below. We have since moved much of the code out to several repositories.  
[private]

The work in this repository as seen by the commit history of every branch and every line of code was authored by myself.

I am more concerned that now we are extremely popular used by over 40 million users, many have found this code on github and are attempting to use it in competition with us.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**  
I would like the entire repository to be taken down at https://github.com/mark11111112/Dyno

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
I have searched and found no forks.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
This code is not licensed and is copyright to the author, [private]

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  
Since the code is a direct fork of my code, I propose no changes be made and the repository be taken down.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
I have been unable to find contact information for this user.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  
I have a good faith belief that the use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or it's agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
[private]
