Hello,

I am submitting this DMCA takedown notice on behalf of Slack Technologies, Inc., which holds the copyrights to the infringing material. I am authorized to act on the copyright holder's behalf.

The link provided below hosts proprietary code that was obtained by reverse engineering property belonging to Slack Technologies, Inc. The user in question has decompiled Slack's desktop application and re-uploaded our source code for public consumption.

As such, this entire repository should be removed: https://github.com/nandanprac/el

There are no forks from this repository. This work is not licensed under an open source license. Removal of the specified content is the best solution.

I have searched for a way to contact the user in question to no avail. Filing this claim is my only recourse at this time. The only information I have pertaining to the alleged infringer is his Github profile which can be found here: https://github.com/nandanprac

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

I have read the Guide to submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice.

I can be contacted at the following address:

[private] c/o Slack Technologies, Inc.  
500 Howard St. 1st Floor  
San Francisco, CA 94105  

Thank you,  
[private]
