Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

Sub: Unauthorised Broadcasts of Audio-visual Footage from the TATA
Indian Premier League 2024

1. I am an agent authorised to act on behalf of the owner of
intellectual property rights. The intellectual property rights include
the copyright in and the rights to broadcast live cricket matches of
the TATA Indian Premier League 2024 ("League") organised under the
auspices of the Board of Control for Cricket in India (“BCCI”). These
rights include, without limitation, TV Live Broadcast Rights and TV
Highlights Rights (“Exclusive TV Rights”), Mobile Rights and Internet
Rights (“Exclusive Digital Streaming Rights”), for Live, Deferred,
Delayed broadcasts and Highlights for all matches of the League
(“Matches”) on Television and on the Internet (collectively,
“Exclusive Rights”). These Exclusive Rights originate with the BCCI,
and the BCCI and its authorised licensees are entitled to enforce
these rights. For your information, the Exclusive TV Rights have been
granted to STAR India Private Limited (“STAR”), for the territory of
the Indian sub-continent (“Territory”), and the Exclusive Digital
Streaming Rights have been granted to Viacom18 Media Private Limited
(“JioCinema”), for the Territory.

2. Proprietary audio-visual footage and production content relating to
the Matches ("Copyrighted Content") will be transmitted with license
and authorisation on various platforms from India by STAR, JioCinema,
and their authorised sub licensees in the Territory.

3. The Copyrighted Content has been identified and is accessible, as
of the date of this notice, at the following URL:

https://mdas109.github.io/1Anas/StarsportAnas.m3u8

4. The Copyrighted Content is hosted, without licence, on the
following IP address: [private]

5. Please immediately disable access to the streams and URL listed
above and suspend them from your servers to prevent continued
violation of the Exclusive Rights referred to above.

6. Please also take appropriate action against the account holder for
repeat infringements under your Abuse Policy/Terms of Service
Agreement.

7. I have a good faith belief that the use of the Copyrighted Content
as described above is not authorised by the copyright owner, its
agent, or the law.

8. I understand that this notice may lead to the termination of the
user account and URL associated with the infringements detailed above.

9. Your immediate acknowledgement and action is solicited with respect
to this notice.

10. I may be contacted via e-mail at [private], via
fax on [private], or at BCCI Rights, [private] in relation to
this notice.

11. I swear, under the penalty of perjury, that the information in
this notice is accurate and that I am authorised to act on behalf of
the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

12. The BCCI reserves all its rights in this matter.

// [private] //
