While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am the [private] of a project "My Summer Car Online" aka MSCO. It is a software that is in closed beta and we work from peoples direct support.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The original work is a closed beta software mod (My Summer Car Online / MSCO), and is only accessible to users who have pre-ordered (purchased) it from our website. MSCO was first created in 2019 and has amassed hundreds of thousands of fans. We have recently closed the beta of our software to allow financial support for our dev team which increases speed of development. Some of our users have recently reported that a cracked version of our software with potential virus or malware has been distributed illegally by "intcost" on websites such as [private] ([private]) and now even on Github. This is very disturbing and we need this to immediately be taken off this website.

The closed beta of this mod is on our official website https://www.mysummercar.online

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The MSCO GitHub must be taken down, and so should this persons account for violating guidelines.  
https://github.com/intcost/msco  
https://github.com/intcost

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

We have obfuscation and encryption for our code which has been cracked unfortunately not everything is secure

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

This person has cracked our private [private] and made a crack of it and posted the entire source code on GitHub

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

No however this was sent to one of our community members through direct message, and must be deleted to save our project and our passion...

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

I do not, however they have been acting in horrible faith to [private] and [private] project for over a year. Please do something about this immediately to save [private] and [private] teams hard work.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
This is my personal mobile number please contact me as you wish

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
