While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

The content posted in the repository (https://github.com/Professor-Severus-Snape/school_21_intensive) belongs to the Autonomous Non-Profit Organization School 21 (hereinafter- School 21) and was developed by the contractor under contract No. [private] [private]. All intellectual property rights for developed content were transferred by the contractor in accordance with current [private] legislation.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

School 21 provides free educational services for training IT developers in various specialties. During educational process students have to perform tasks and take exams. The specified repository (https://github.com/Professor-Severus-Snape/school_21_intensive) contains tasks and examples of solutions for some exams (incorrect as we could see). Educational process takes place on an online platform School 21 (edu.21-school.ru) that only School staff and students have access to. As confirmation of content authenticity, the «Professor-Severus-Snape» (hereinafter- «user») also applies a screenshot of his educational profile (in section «Readme») with the School 21 trademark. The screenshot also provides information about user's progress in the «educational branch» and completed/failed tasks. We have reliably established that the specified user is no longer a [private] of the [private] and probably posted these materials for free access after his formal expulsion from [private]. Tasks are the intellectual property of the School 21 and publishing them in the public domain leads to significant harm to the educational process by providing an unfair advantage to those who will be able to find them before entering the School.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/Professor-Severus-Snape/school_21_intensive/tree/main

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

School 21 effectively controls access to tasks. Only students and some School staff have access to edu.21-school.ru and only some School staff has access to [private]. Due to strict cybersecurity policies all accesses are disabled after the member of staff or student loses their right to access the materials

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

We assume that the tests were copied shortly before the [private] was expelled from [private], so formally there was no circumvent.

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

We assume that the tests were copied shortly before the [private] was expelled from [private], so formally there was no circumvent.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No, he evoked consent to the processing of personal data after his expulsion

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
