While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am the [private] of the copyrighted work.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The original copyrighted work is the source code and binaries of a software that [private]. It is named "uwu2x" and it is an extension for After Effects that improves the quality and the smoothness of clips.  
Here is the official website : https://uwu2x.alixz.ovh/  
And here is the main download page : https://payhip.com/b/8oirJ

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

[invalid]  
https://github.com/NevermindNilas/uwu2x-7.1

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

In [private] copyright protection strategy, [private] employed various technological measures to control access to [private] intellectual property. These include :

- code obfuscation : the code is not human readable and can not be reverse-engineered without altering its functionality ;  
- license-based access control : [private] have implemented a license management system to govern access and usage of [private] software based on specified terms and conditions outlined in [private] licenses, allowing precise control over who can access [private] software and under what conditions ;
- watermarking : [private] utilize watermarking to uniquely identify [private] intellectual property.

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

The accused project appears to have been specifically designed to circumvent my technological protection measures in the following ways :

- deobfuscation techniques : the accused project employs sophisticated methods to deobfuscate [private] obfuscated code, thereby attempting to unravel the protective layer [private] have implemented to safeguard my intellectual property, as written is the accused projet, the accused person wrote : "[private] have proactively open-sourced the uwu2x7.0 code on the behalf of the 'original creator'" ;  
- license violation : the accused projet makes [private] software available (by download) without the licensing system ;  
- removed [private] wattermark.

These actions collectively demonstrate a clear intent to circumvent the protections [private] have put in place to safeguard [private] intellectual property rights.
Note that the project is defamatory towards me and resells [private] software. So in addition to not respecting copyright laws, it also violates GitHub's rules.

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

I did some research and the projects were not forked.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

I have the alleged infringer's email address : [private]

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

My phone number is : [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
