Dear GitHub Legal Team，  
  
My name is [private] , and I am a member of the [private] Department of UNISOC Technologies Co.,Ltd. (“UNISOC”).  
I have read and understood GitHub's DMCA Notice Submission Guidelines.  
I represent UNISOC , the owner of the copyrights in certain proprietary source code.  
  
It has come to our attention that the following folder(s) within GitHub repository(ies) contain and publicly disclose UNISOC's proprietary source code without authorization:  
Repository URL：https://github.com/BINMINUSER/Package  
Repository URL：https://github.com/Veynamer/android_unisoc_proprietary  
Repository URL：https://github.com/wangjicong/Android-6.0-packages  
Repository URL：https://github.com/Binminusr/android6.0  
  
The code files contain copyright headers explicitly identifying UNISOC (formerly Spreadtrum Communications, Inc.) as the copyright owner. The presence of these copyright notices constitutes direct evidence that the code is owned by UNISOC. No authorization has been granted for the publication, distribution, or public availability of this source code through the identified GitHub repository.  
  
Uploading the Repository to GitHub and making it publicly available constitutes copyright infringement.  
  
  
We hereby request that GitHub promptly remove or disable access to the infringing content identified above pursuant to the DMCA.  
  
  
Contact information of the Complaining Party:  
  
Name: [private]  
  
Company: UNISOC Technologies Co.,Ltd.  
  
Email: [private]  
  
Phone: [private]  
  
Address: [private]  
  
  
Statements  
  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.  
  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information contain in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  
  
I have taken fair use into consideration.  
  
  
Signature：                   
  
   
  
[private]  
  
[private]  
