**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf? If you are submitting this notice on behalf of a company, please be sure to use an email address on the company's domain. If you use a personal email address for a notice submitted on behalf of a company, we may not be able to process it.**  
  
Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.  
  
**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**  
  
No  
  
**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**  
  
GitHub  
  
**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**  
  
I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice. I am the [private], [private], and [private] of the proprietary software known as ZP Vision (and its component, ZP Higher, ZP Lite). As a [private] copyright holder of the original source code, I possess the direct authority to act on [private] own behalf and on behalf of [private] [private] to protect our intellectual property from unauthorized distribution. I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed  
  
**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed.**  
  
The original copyrighted work is a proprietary, closed-source software application owned and operated by our company, ZP Vision. We commercially distribute two specific versions of this software under the titles 'ZP Higher' and 'ZP Lite'. The software is a custom, manually coded application written entirely in Python, designed specifically to interface with and be used alongside the video game NBA 2K26. The copyrighted material in question encompasses the entirety of the program's original Python source code, proprietary logic, and internal architecture, which we distribute exclusively to paid subscribers and strictly protect in our TOS against unauthorized public release  
  
**If the original work referenced above is available online, please provide a URL.**  
  
https://zpvision.sellfy.store The provided URL is the official commercial website for ZP Vision where the software is distributed to paid subscribers. The original source code itself is proprietary and closed-source, meaning it is not publicly visible or accessible online anywhere except through our authorized, compiled software distribution via [private] in which paid users are provided the downloadable program.  
  
**We ask that a DMCA takedown notice list every specific file in the repository that is infringing, unless the entire contents of the repository are infringing on your copyright. Please clearly state that the entire repository is infringing, OR provide the specific files within the repository you would like removed.**  
  
**Based on the above, I confirm that:**  
  
The entire repository is infringing  
  
**Identify the full repository URL that is infringing:**  
  
[invalid]  
https://github.com/BRAetm/ZP-HIGHER-NEW-SOURCE  
https://github.com/BRAetm/ZP-HIGHER-NEW-OFFICIAL  
https://github.com/BRAetm/source  
  
**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**  
  
No  
  
**If you are reporting an allegedly infringing fork, please note that each fork is a distinct repository and <i>must be identified separately</i>. Please read more about <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">forks.</a> As forks may often contain different material than in the parent repository, if you believe any of the repositories or files in the forks are infringing, please list each fork URL below:**  
  
**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**  
  
No  
  
**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**  
  
Reported content must be removed  
  
**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**  
  
I do not.  
  
**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**  
  
**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**  
  
**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**  
  
**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**  
  
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**  
  
[private]  
  
**Please type your full name for your signature.**  
  
[private]- [private] [private]- [private]  
