Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub  
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).  
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).  
  
To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).  
  
---  
  
Dear Sirs,  
  
According to Directive 2019/790, professional diligence, best efforts, and expeditious procedures to ensure the unavailability of copyright infringement is expected. THIS COMMUNICATION CONTAINS LEGALLY SIGNIFICANT INFORMATION AND MUST BE READ CAREFULLY. FAILURE TO ACT UPON THE MATTERS OUTLINED HEREIN MAY RESULT IN YOUR ACTIONS—OR LACK THEREOF—BEING INTERPRETED AS ACTIVE COOPERATION OR FACILITATION OF CRIMES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFRINGEMENT AND MONEY LAUNDERING. YOU ARE HEREBY URGED TO TAKE IMMEDIATE AND APPROPRIATE MEASURES TO COMPLY WITH YOUR LEGAL OBLIGATIONS TO AVOID POTENTIAL LEGAL CONSEQUENCES.  
  
The National Professional Football League (hereinafter, LaLiga) is acting on behalf of and with express authorization from ONE THOUSAND AND ONE OPS FZ-LLC (hereinafter "1001"), the legitimate rights holder for the broadcasting and exploitation of audiovisual content of the FIFA World Cup 2026. LaLiga is duly authorized to enforce 1001' intellectual property rights and to initiate all necessary legal actions in connection therewith. LaLiga reserves the right to take legal actions against your company if the demands of this notice are not met and the files stored on your service are not removed.  
  
Audiovisual content from the FIFA World Cup 2026 has been uploaded and/or technologically supported or published by your service without the permission of 1001. Your client does not have any right to publicly communicate the images of the matches representing a breach of the joint exploitation rights held by 1001 as the legitimate rights holder and enforced by LaLiga under express authorization.  
I inform you that 1001 is the copyright holder of the aforementioned works, with LaLiga acting as its duly authorized enforcement agent. Therefore, copying, reproduction, plagiarism, distribution and/or public communication made without authorization from 1001 contravenes the provisions of the Directive 2019/790 of the European Parliament and of the Council on copyright and related rights in the Digital Single Market as well as the provisions of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA). YOUR INACTION MAY BE INTERPRETED AS CONTRIBUTING TO CRIMES RELATED TO INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFRINGEMENT AND MONEY LAUNDERING.  
I hereby request the immediate removal of the content available at the following INFRINGING IP Address(es):  
IP Addresses: [private]  
URL: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FunctionError/PiratesTv/refs/heads/main/combined_playlist.m3u  
URL EVIDENCE: [private]  
  
An authorized example of the content is available at:  
https://1001.tv/  
[private] 
  
By submitting this notification, I declare:  
I have a good faith belief that the use of the copyrighted materials described above and contained on the service is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law. I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  
  
You are hereby notified of the infringement taking place at your service and the swift removal of this unlawfully hosted content is now requested.  
  
Truthfully,  
  
[private] [private] [private]  
