Dear GitHub Legal Team，  
  
My name is [private] , and I am a member of the [private] Department of UNISOC Technologies Co.,Ltd. (“UNISOC”).  
I have read and understood GitHub's DMCA Notice Submission Guidelines.  
I represent UNISOC , the owner of the copyrights in certain proprietary source code.  
  
It has come to our attention that the following folder(s) within GitHub repository(ies) contain and publicly disclose UNISOC's proprietary source code without authorization:  
Repository URL： https://github.com/AndiNR/sprd-device-sprd  
Repository URL： https://github.com/OrFoxOS/orfoxos-device-tarako  
Repository URL： https://github.com/deadman96385/uni_ims  
  
The code files in the reported Repository contain numerous “SPRD”-related identifiers. These identifiers constitute a proprietary implementation pattern developed and used exclusively by UNISOC (formerly known as Spreadtrum) for the Spreadtrum (SPRD) platform, and clearly indicate the corporate ownership of the code.  
  
  
The source code is proprietary to UNISOC( Predecessor: Spreadtrum ) and has never been authorized for public disclosure, distribution or redistribution  
Uploading the Repository to GitHub and making it publicly available constitutes copyright infringement.  
  
  
We hereby request that GitHub promptly remove or disable access to the infringing content identified above pursuant to the DMCA.  
  
  
Contact information of the Complaining Party:  
  
Name: [private]  
  
Company: UNISOC Technologies Co.,Ltd.  
  
Email: [private]  
  
Phone: [private]  
  
Address: [private]  
  
  
Statements  
  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.  
  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information contain in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  
  
I have taken fair use into consideration.  
  
  
Signature：                   
  
   
  
   
  
[private]  
  
[private]  
