**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf? If you are submitting this notice on behalf of a company, please be sure to use an email address on the company's domain. If you use a personal email address for a notice submitted on behalf of a company, we may not be able to process it.**  
  
Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.  
  
**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**  
  
No  
  
**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**  
  
GitHub  
  
**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**  
  
The work consists of software code designed to produce initial kitchen designs based on customer preferences and design constraints, and copyright in the work belongs to 20-20 Technologies Commercial Corp. [private], [private] for Jones & Spross, PLLC, is a licensed [private] Attorney that has been authorized to file this DMCA takedown request on the owner’s behalf in this matter.  
  
**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed.**  
  
- On 05/14/2026, the work described above as software code was inadvertently made public for a period of time by a third party contractor working on behalf of 20-20 Technologies, despite the contractor having knowledge and/or being advised that the material was governed by a confidentiality agreement and is protected from disclosure by intellectual property law. We have secured removal of the original publicly published repo. However, during the time which the repo was publicly available, ___https://github.com/shayanultra____ made a copy/fork and published the work publicly as his own at https://github.com/shayanultra/latam-code . We have contacted the infringing user on June 10, 2026 and requested the material be removed, however, the publicly available email address is not accepting emails, and as of this filing, the infringing material has not been removed.  
  
**If the original work referenced above is available online, please provide a URL.**  
  
The source code of 20-20 Technologies is not publicly available online, other than at the publicly available fork at https://github.com/shayanultra/latam-code  
  
**We ask that a DMCA takedown notice list every specific file in the repository that is infringing, unless the entire contents of the repository are infringing on your copyright. Please clearly state that the entire repository is infringing, OR provide the specific files within the repository you would like removed.**  
  
**Based on the above, I confirm that:**  
  
The entire repository is infringing  
  
**Identify the full repository URL that is infringing:**  
  
https://github.com/shayanultra/latam-code  
  
**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**  
  
No  
  
**If you are reporting an allegedly infringing fork, please note that each fork is a distinct repository and <i>must be identified separately</i>. Please read more about <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">forks.</a> As forks may often contain different material than in the parent repository, if you believe any of the repositories or files in the forks are infringing, please list each fork URL below:**  
  
https://github.com/shayanultra/latam-code  
  
**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**  
  
No  
  
**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**  
  
Reported content must be removed  
  
**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**  
  
We only have his email used during prior commits. That email is [private]  
When emailing that address, we get the following error: “The recipient server did not accept our requests to connect. For more information, go to [private]”  
  
**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**  
  
**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**  
  
**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**  
  
**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**  
  
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**  
  
[private]  
  
**Please type your full name for your signature.**  
  
[private]  
