Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

DMCA NOTICE OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT

[private]

To Whom It May Concern:

Cengage Learning, Inc. (“Cengage”) is among the largest textbook and academic publishers in the world.  I am authorized to act on behalf of Cengage whose copyright and other intellectual property rights it believes to be infringed as described herein.

Cengage is providing this notice pursuant to the Section 512 of Title 17 of the U.S. Code (as enacted by the ''Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act'') to request that  you immediately take action with respect to infringement that is occurring at the web address identified in the Addendum below, which is being used to infringe Cengage’s exclusive copyrights and other rights.

Based on the information at its disposal, Cengage has a good faith belief that infringement is occurring at the web address set forth below, which also describes the specific copyrighted work that has been infringed.  Cengage further has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner described herein does not constitute fair use. The unauthorized copies are identified by their titles or variations thereof.  The material that is the subject of infringing activities are hereinafter referred to as "Infringing Material."  

Given the infringing activity that is occurring, Cengage urges you to cooperate with its efforts to protect its intellectual property rights by undertaking the following steps: 

1. Notify the account holder of the Infringing Material;

2. Take steps to stop the infringing activity, and any other infringing activity of which you are aware or should reasonably be aware;

3.  Notify any user who may have been responsible for reproducing or distributing the infringing material; and,

4. Take appropriate action against the account holder under your Abuse Policy/Terms of Service Agreement, including termination of repeat offenders under Section 512(i) of Title 17 of the U.S. Code.

 Cengage believes that the information in this notification is accurate.  Under penalty of perjury, Cengage hereby affirms that it is authorized to act with respect to the exclusive copyright rights set forth on the attached as described herein.  By providing this notice, Cengage is not waiving their right to engage in other enforcement activities, and reserve all rights to do so at any time. 

You may contact Cengage at the address listed below, with e-mail preferred.

Thank you for your cooperation and prompt response in this matter.
 
Title: Solutions to Case Problem 2 from New Perspectives on HTML5 and CSS3, 7th Edition

https://github.com/manshell/japanese-puzzle-design/blob/73b145a09e4651668602cf81ff049f9292691568/jpf_sudoku.html

[private]  
[private] and [private]

Phone: [private]  |  Cell: [private]  
Email: [private]
