To whom It May Concern

DMCA Notification  
The following information is presented for the purposes of removing web content that infringes on our copyright per the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. We appreciate your enforcement of copyright law and support of our rights in this matter.

Identification of Copyrighted Work  
The copyrighted work at issue is the text that appears on codility.com and its related pages. The pages in question contain a clear copyright notification and are the intellectual property of the complainant.

Identification of Infringed Material  
The following copyrighted paragraphs have been allegedly copied from the copyrighted work:

1) Link: https://gist.github.com/rriehle/b0ac2f85e0ef0510fb0501e131d43c4c  
Text starting from: "You are given a table containing data. The first row"  
to: "* the first row does not contain a NULL cell"  
original content (behind a paywall): https://app.codility.com/task-library/#/delete_defective_rows


Notifying Party

Codility Limited  
Attn: [private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  

[private]  
Copyright Owners Statement

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the allegedly infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration. I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification is accurate and that I am authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
