**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

All content, including but not limited to text, graphics, logos, images, data compilations, software, and the compilation thereof, is the property of Captiv8 and is protected by the applicable copyright and other intellectual property laws. The content is made available for informational and non-commercial use only.

No rights or permissions are granted for any use of the content or materials on this site, including copying, reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, performance, broadcast, publication, uploading, licensing, reverse engineering, or the creation of derivative works, without the prior written consent of Captiv8. All rights are reserved exclusively by Captiv8.

Unauthorized use of any content or materials on this site may violate copyright and other laws. Captiv8 reserves the right to enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The code posted is a fork from last year of the code at captiv8's [private] located here: [private]

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The software that is posted in the repo Github repo located at: https://github.com/codingwarrior92/captiv8-frontend  
is the intellectual property of Captiv8, Inc. It is a direct, literal copy of our code.

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes. We have found none of this filing

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

Only their github user name: @codingwarrior92

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
