Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Files in the forked repository are works of [private] authorship, except for the configuration files generated by Android SDK and embedded images redistributed with the project according to public licenses granted by their authors.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

n-Puzzle is a sliding puzzle game app for Android. Its source code of is available at <https://github.com/StanLivitski/n-puzzle>. Detailed description of the project is posted at <https://github.com/StanLivitski/n-puzzle/blob/master/README.md>.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The offending fork of the above project at <https://github.com/wzh442718973/n-puzzle>. I believe the entire forked repository at that URL is made available in violation of my project's license.

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, and I found no additional infringing forks.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

Yes

**Which license?**

GNU General Public License v3 (or any later version), except for embedded images covered by Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 license.

**How do you believe the license is being violated?**

The first check-in made to the forked repository removed the `LICENSE/` directory and the `NOTICE.html` file, which must be included in any derivative work according to paragraph 5(b) of the GPL. It also removed files `assets/LICENSE` and `assets/NOTICE.html` that enabled users to see its license when running the app, violating paragraph 5(d) of the GPL. In addition, by removing the `LICENSE/credits.txt` file, the offender violated the license terms applicable to the embedded images.

**What changes can be made to bring the project into compliance with the license? For example, adding attribution, adding a license, making the repository private.**

The `LICENSE/` directory and the `NOTICE.html` file must be restored with their original contents. The user interface of the modified app must allow users to review the license terms of the original app and embedded artwork, and attribute the original code and artwork to their actual authors.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Other Change

**Describe the change.**

Either (a) bring the forked project into compliance with the original licenses as described above, or (b) remove the offending fork.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

The offender's username is `wzh442718973`.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
