**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**

I am the [private] of DBMs (Discord Bot Maker) modding community, [private]

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

the mod is called spotify_MOD.js [private] had posted it on 11/23/2018 < he is the [private] of the mod

six days ago https://github.com/AidensTheCreator/modpackone/blob/master/spotify_MOD.js added this to his repo making the following changes> description, author. this has created outrage through out our community, members want action taken. afaik the mod was not posted in the GitHub repo yet however it was posted on our community discord server. in a channel named mod-preview.

a member if our staff had used [private]. see what all has changed at the time of writing that it is still accessible with that link.

here is a link to a image of the original work [private]

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**

https://github.com/AidensTheCreator/modpackone/blob/master/spotify_MOD.js

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

i did search for forks unfortunately [private] did not add the file to his GitHub repo

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

normally our mods are licensed under MIT however because this mod was not released it is not currently apart of that iirc.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

given only minor edits were made to the author and description i don't believe there is any other solution

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**

i have a discord username and his GitHub account  
GitHub > https://github.com/AidensTheCreator  
Discord > [private]

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
[private]
