My name is [private] and I am [private] at Accela, Inc. I am hereby authorized to act on behalf of the company to issue this takedown request. GitHub is hosting corporate source code on its site at the following public locations. This account is no longer accessible, Accela has reached out to [private] (former [private] for the Accela [private]) and [private] (former [private] who created that repo) directly, but both of them are no longer working for [private] and do not have access to the Github account in question.

https://github.com/bys-james-jiang/accela-core ;  
https://github.com/bys-james-jiang/testrepository ;  
https://github.com/bys-james-jiang/AA8.0  
I am attaching screen shots below that illustrate the repositories hosted on your site for which we are requesting removal.

[private]  

These were previously uploaded to GitHub in violation of Accela’s IT Policy by a contractor who has since been terminated. This work is not licensed under any open source licenses and therefore, is protected, Accela-owned information that should not be available on public or private GitHub channels. As the owner of this information, I respectfully request its removal as quickly as possible.

This letter is official notification under Section 512(c) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (”DMCA”), and I seek the removal of the aforementioned infringing material from your servers. If possible and with good faith effort, I request that you immediately notify the infringer of this notice and inform them of their duty to remove the infringing material immediately, and notify them to cease any further posting of infringing material to your server in the future.

Please also be advised that law requires you, as a service provider, to remove or disable access to the infringing materials upon receiving this notice. Under US law a service provider, such as yourself, enjoys immunity from a copyright lawsuit provided that you act with deliberate speed to investigate and rectify ongoing copyright infringement. If service providers do not investigate and remove or disable the infringing material this immunity is lost. Therefore, in order for you to remain immune from a copyright infringement action you will need to investigate and ultimately remove or otherwise disable the infringing material from your servers with all due speed should the direct infringer, your client, not comply immediately.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration. I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed

Should you wish to discuss this with me please contact me directly. If you are able to confirm its removal, I would greatly appreciate it.  

Thank you in advance.  

Regards,
[private]

name: [private]  
title: [private]  
phone: [private]  
email: [private]  
