**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**

YES, I am [private], and the company that is currently working is the owner of this project.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

This is a commercial project, so I didn't use the public url to show that I am the owner of this project.

But I can confirm that I am [private].

The description of the project "广发银行北京分行-外勤维护管理平台"

广发银行 is one of commercial banks in China . Full name is China GuangFa Bank.

my certified email address [private], the domain cgbchina.com.cn owner is China GuangFa Bank.

the Latest commit author is [private]， [private] [private] (can use https://you.tools/slugify/ verify it).

These can prove I am [private]

This project should be on an internal git.Why is it on the Internet, we are still investigating, we suspect that the some partner has leaked.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**

entire repository : https://github.com/qiailin/CGB-BFSS

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

yes all fork should removal:

https://github.com/d0bug/CGB-BFSS  
https://github.com/honejava/CGB-BFSS  
https://github.com/wangjun/CGB-BFSS

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

there is no open source license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

The best way is to remove repository , We are unable to contact the infringer. .

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**

No information.

If github can't delete this item. We may resort to the law and the police. But the author of this repository may be just to get the stars, not the partners who leaked the code.

The law will ruin his career, but it may not be the real culprit.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

Already read

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

[private]

[private]

IT, China GuangFa Bank , No. 2, Chang'an Street, Dongcheng District, Beijing. China.

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[private]
