**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**  
The copyright owner is Netease (hangzhou) network co. and the project is developed by DBA team of Netease (hangzhou) network co. I am [private].

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
The infringed work is DataPlatform, a general platform for database query, automatically task performing, DB backup & restore , etc. It is of vital importance to our team and the project contains several keys that may caurse severe information security problems. The DataPlatform is for internal use only and should not be published on any user-generated content sites (like GitHub).

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**  
The entire repository should be taken down. As soon as we recognize the problem, we informed our former employee(GitHub username [private], departed in March 2017) to remove the original repository. Unfortunately, a fork was already made by GitHub user cash2one, which is out of our control.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
Yes, currently there is only one fork and we wish to take it down. Here is the url:
https://github.com/cash2one/DataPlatform/tree/24d03bced0c79ae008099681799c2da01fd7c657

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
No.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  
We strongly recommend that other users should remove the forked repository.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
His GitHub username is cash2one. We looked through his public profile page and also checked several repository's README, but didn’t found any contact information. If possible, please notify the user to remove repository DataPlatform.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
[private]   

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
[private]  
