Dear Sir or Madam,

We act on behalf of Telefonaktiebolaget L M Ericsson and Ericsson AB (collectively referred to as “Ericsson”).

It has come to Ericsson’s attention that an Ericsson internal document is available on your website. We write to put you on notice that Ericsson claims copyright in this document that is protected by US copyright law as well as by the laws of a number of other countries. Storing Ericsson’s copyrighted works and making them available on github.com without authorization constitutes copyright infringement and may also constitute violations of other laws.

Hereby, Ericsson requests that you remove any and all Ericsson’s copyrighted documents from all websites under your control within seven days of your receipt of this email. Specifically, we would like to see the removal of the document found at the following URL–

https://github.com/shennjia/fix/blob/master/flacc_ckf_reference.pdf

Ericsson hopes to avoid a dispute and resolve this matter amicably. In the meantime, Ericsson reserves all its rights.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Sincerely,

[private]

Consultant

[ROUSE]<https://www.rouse.com/>

Rouse Consultancy (Shanghai) Limited

[private]
