**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**  

Yes, I am the [private] for Xilinx Inc.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  

Xilinx Inc. ("Xilinx") is a worldwide leader in PFGA, ACAP, and related hardware and software goods and services. Xilinx has created and owns numerous proprietary and copyrighted software products. Information on Xilinx is available at www.xilinx.com. Github has worked with Xilinx previously to remove similarly infringing content.

The .lic file at issue here is a license file that contains the feature names for Xilinx IPs and Xilinx software. System Edition is one of the configuration of software that Xilinx provides. Chipscope, Sysgen etc are also Xilinx software that Xilinx packs together in its ISE Suite.

Typically, customers would buy a license from Xilinx for Xilinx tools and IPs and download these tools from the Xilinx website that works with the license file given by Xilinx.

However, the license file posted on Github enables anyone to use Xilinx ISE software and Xilinx IPs without purchasing it from Xilinx - they simply use the code posted on Github and gain access to Xilinx's proprietary software. Basically, it unlocks Xilinx's proprietary ISE software.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**  

https://github.com/MARCOSBLACKER7/ESCOM-TRAYECTORIA/blob/master/DISE%C3%91O DE SISTEMAS DIGITALES/PRACTICA0/PRACTICA12/xilinx_ise_13.lic

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  

This appears to be self contained

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  

Removal of post

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**  

No

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  

Yes

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  

[private]  

K&L Gates LLP  
620 Hansen Way  
Palo Alto, CA 94304  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  

[private]  
