Dear Github:

My name is [private]. It is my honor to use Github such a professional and efficient platform, and now I have a need to be very hopefully able to get Github's help and support.  

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.  

I created a Repository called “[private]/node” in September this year, which contained creators(one of the creators is “[private]"), contents and company’s important source code. Later found before deleting, the user named “[private]” completely forked the entire Repository, and it still exists.

The following is [private]’s Github URL and screenshots about forked Repository:

https://github.com/m0n1ter?tab=repositories

Because vital informations are included in “m0n1ter/node”, for example, system configure information, algorithm and database information, all of those are company’s internal data assets, so I hope Github as soon as possible to help me completely remove “m0n1ter/node” (URL is https://github.com/m0n1ter/node) and thank you very much!

The following is my contact information:

● My e-mail Address: [private]   

● Name: [private]  

● telephone number: [private]   

● physical address: [private]   

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Hoping for your response and thanks again.

Signature
