**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

I am authorized to act on behalf of Skuchain Inc, the copyright owner.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The proprietary source code of Skuchain Inc, was posted without authorization here :   https://github.com/Perfect111/ReactGraph  
Furthermore the poster of this code, [private], github user Perfect111 (https://github.com/Perfect111) sent an extortion letter to Skuchain Inc threatening the publication of Skuchain Inc's proprietary code he gained access to on account of him working as a contractor for Skuchain. Please see the text of the email below:

"[private]"

Skuchain did not entertain his extortion attempt and he has carried out on his threat by at the very least posting the code repository above that he was contracted to work on by Skuchain. We are not at this point aware if any other Skuchain Inc proprietary code has also been compromised in this manner.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**

This entire repository at https://github.com/Perfect111/ReactGraph should be taken down and moreover the user private (https://github.com/Perfect111) account should be deleted given his criminal extortion attempt.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

No I have not searched for forks at this time.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No, this work is Skuchain Inc proprietary and has not been licensed to any party at this time.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

Taking down the whole repository is the only solution. Furthermore the account of user [private]  (https://github.com/Perfect111) should be deleted by github.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**

Yes we do have email contact information.  
Email address from which extortion letter was sent is :  
[private]  
Skype ID: [private]

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.  

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

I have read the guide carefully.
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[private]
