hi, [private]  
I am submitting this notice for your help to remove a forked repository : https://github.com/soldiers1989/core. And I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.  

The original repo it forked from was published on Github about 4 weeks ago by one junior engineer of our company. The code was not open source code. It is our company’s proprietary code. After realizing that it was wrong to publish it on Github, she deleted her repo "[private]/core". But the forked repo "soldiers1989/core" is still public on Github, it isn't belong to any of our colleagues, so we can't remove it. There are lots of information of our company in this repo (e.g. details of our products and infrastructure).    

This is the repo on our gitlab, which can only accessed from internal network. Please notice the commits history.  

This is the commits history of the forked repo on Github. I don't have the owner's contact information.  

So please remove the entire repository. This is the best and only solution. Thank you very much.  

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

My contact info:

Tel: [private]  
Address: [private]  
Name: [private]    
Chinese Name: [private]  
