**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**  
i'm authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
Revoke the deleted content is our company's customer information and project source code, the company's website is www.xmjr.com. It contains some sensitive information about our company. I can cooperate with you to verify that the content is ours. Please deal with the project that cancels and deletes the repository as utils in time.  
After checking, their fork content comes from an account named [private], which is my own account.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**   
At present, the contents that need to be deleted are copied to their repositories by two users of your company. The specific addresses of the contents that should be deleted by these two users are as follows:  
Https://github.com/hkmujj/utils/  
Https://github.com/zwjzxh520/utils

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
At present, the content of the application for deletion has not been infringed, but there are potential threats. Hope to dispose of it in time.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
This work is authorized under an open source license, and it is not clear what kind of license it is. But the authorized content is the company's important information, in order to prevent leakage to more people, please delete it in time!

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  
At present, the content of infringement can only be deleted. Please deal with it as soon as possible.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
I have no contact information for infringers. Here is the specific address of the infringement.  
Https://github.com/hkmujj/utils/  
Https://github.com/zwjzxh520/utils  

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
yes  
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
Contact number: [private]  
Personal mailbox: [private] 

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
[private]
