**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**  

Yes.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  

The original copyrighted work is my bot, Midnight, located at https://github.com/GriffinG1/Midnight/ Looking through the repo, they have taken multiple sections of code from my repo, some slightly modified, some not, and credited a fork of the repo that is in an organization they either own, or have contact with the owner [private]. Said repo has not modified the code from my repo in any way.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**  

https://github.com/dj505/AmaRewrite/blob/master/run.py#L64-L86  
https://github.com/dj505/AmaRewrite/blob/master/run.py#L92-L145  
https://github.com/dj505/AmaRewrite/blob/master/run.py#L154-L163  
https://github.com/dj505/AmaRewrite/blob/master/modules/mod.py#L49-L75  

https://github.com/dj505/AmaRewrite/blob/master/modules/logging.py#L58-L90  

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  

Yes, none exist.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  

The code was licensed under GPLv3 at the time of them taking the code. They are in violation of the license, specifically concerning attribution.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  

Correctly attribute my code in the README and in each file, otherwise deletion.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**  

Nothing listed on their GitHub.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  

I have, that is how I found this form.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  

[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  

[private]  
