
Dear Github:

My name is [private]. It is of sound mind and body that I
[private] as [private] for OohYah.com and under
authorization from [private] the copyright holder for OohYah.com &
OohYah Inc. that I am requesting a DMCA take down upon the infringing
material herein. I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted
materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by
the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into
consideration.

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

OohYah Inc. has a private repository with the API code base for the site at
“[private]”, which contains creators(one of
the creators is “[private]"), contents and company’s private
proprietary source code. The user named “nicholas1028” was hired to work on
the Repository, he had forked the repo and it still exists publicly which
it was private before. I have attempted to contact him but he keeps
changing his user name and does not have any public contact info.

The following is nicholas1028’s Github URL:

https://github.com/nicholas1028/

Because vital information and code included in “RESTAPI-http-oohyah.com-”,
for example, system configure information, algorithm and database
information, all of those are company’s internal data assets. I hope Github
as soon as possible can completely remove the repo
“nicholas1028/RESTAPI-http-oohyah.com-” (URL is
https://github.com/nicholas1028/RESTAPI-http-oohyah.com-) from public
access.

The following is my contact information:

● My e-mail Address: [private]

● Name: [private]

● telephone number: [private]

● physical address: [private]

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described
above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner,
or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed.

Hoping to resolve this issue asap. Thank you.

Signature

[private]
