Dear GitHub，

We are MOGU Inc.It is nice to be able to use GitHub such a professional and efficient platform, and now we have a need to be very hopefully able to get GitHub's support and resolution.

We have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filling a DMCA Notice.

Our company created a Repository called muse last year, which contained creators, contents and domain name (mogujie.com) are all owned by the company. Later found that before we deleted, the user name rusondingcompletely forked our entire Repository, and it's still exists.

The following is GitHub's URL and Screeshots about our forked Repository.

https://github.com/rusonding/muse

Since muse contains the company's important code, algorithm and system configuration information, belonging to the company's internal date assets, so we hope GitHub as soon as possible to help us completely remove rusonding/muse and thank you very much!

The following is our contact information:

Company Name: MOGU Inc.

My e-mail Address: [private]

Cellphone: [private]

Company Address: Building No.1, Zheshang Fortune Center, No.99 Gudun Road, Xihu District, Hangzhou, Zhejiang, China

Website: http://www.mogu-inc.com

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

AND "Also include the following statement:" I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Hoping for your response, and thanks again.

------------------
[private]  
MOGU Inc.  
Tel：[private]  
Email：[private]
Add：Building No.1, Zheshang Fortune Center, No.99 Gudun Road, Xihu District, HangZhou, Zhejiang, China
