**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am asking if Github could help me delete the repository(https://github.com/fbion/Sinopec_info_system_server).

I made a wrong mistake that I used a public repository to storage and manage the source code of my company's project. The repository I created was named "Sinopec_info_system_server" and had been deleted. But there's a user called "fbion" who looks like a robot, folked this repository before it's deleted. I made all of the commit history which you are able to see in repository. I think this evidence is engough to prove my copyright.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Although it looks like a Java web project, actually it is a offline IOT(Internet Of Things) project. It will be deployed on a specific linux host to collect data of dispenser. The communicate with each other by TCP and custom protocol.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/fbion/Sinopec_info_system_server

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

There's only one folk: https://github.com/fbion/Sinopec_info_system_server.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No, I did not declare any open source license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The best solution for the alleged infringement is to delete the folk.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Tokheim Hengshan Technologies (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.  
Part of Dover Fueling Solutions  
66 NanXiang Yi Road, Science Town of Guangzhou, PRChina  

Tel: [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
