**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
  
Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.  
  
**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**  
  
As the [private] at Wazoku, I am authorised to act on the organisation's behalf in this matter.  
  
**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
  
The original copyrighted work consists of two collections of source code;  
  
1. End-to-end Selenium web browser tests for the Idea Spotlight web application: [private]   
2. A set of scripts used by Wazoku as part of its internal regression testing process: [private]   
  
I've attached the directory structure of the two collections of source code to this request for reference (selenium.txt and company_regression.txt). I've cross-checked a sample of the original files against the copies in the repo referenced below and can confirm they are indeed (outdated) copies of the files in question. Please let me know if you would like me to also submit source code samples for comparison.  
  
Wazoku's primary concerns are that our intellectual property and details of our internal quality assurance processes have been leaked publicly. Wazoku regards information of this nature as confidential and therefore mandate that employees do not leak it publicly.  
  
**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**  
  
The following repository should be taken down as it contains (outdated) copies of the copyrighted work referenced above: https://github.com/marvss/bitsandbobs.  
  
The Selenium tests and regression testing scripts can be found in the two top-level sub-directories;  
  
1. https://github.com/marvss/bitsandbobs/tree/master/selenium  
2. https://github.com/marvss/bitsandbobs/tree/master/company_regression  
  
If you dig into each of the two sub-directories you can see that the directory structure matches the original copyrighted work above.  
  
For context, the repo owner is an ex-employee of Wazoku which appears to have taken copies of the original work and then pushed it to a public repo he owns.  
  
**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
  
No additional forks discovered.  
  
**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
  
The work is not licensed under an open source license.  
  
**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**  
  
Take-down of the repository: https://github.com/marvss/bitsandbobs  
  
**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**  
  
**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**  
  
**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**  
  
**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**  
  
**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**  
  
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**  
  
[private]    
  
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**  
  
[private]  
  
