**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
  
Yes, I am the copyright holder.  
  
**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**  
  
I am the [private].  
  
**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
  
To Whom it May Concern,  
The following information serves to assert my rights and request removal of allegedly infringing web content under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA). The following is a report, in good faith, of alleged copyright infringement. I am contacting you as the designated agent for the site upon which the infringing work currently appears. This letter is a Notice of Infringement as authorized in §512(c) of the U.S. Copyright Law and § 31 of the German Copyright Act (UrhG).  
   
I am the copyright owner of the works and the following is true and accurate.  
   
1. The original work, for which I claim copyright, appears, with my permission, at the following locations online:  
   
Source ISBN:  978-1541016361 / 154101636X   
   
2. Links of my original copyrighted work are provided to assist you in your evaluation and determination.  
   
https://www.amazon.com/Blue-Team-Field-Manual-BTFM/dp/154101636X/   
https://www.amazon.com/Blue-Team-Field-Manual-BTFM-ebook/dp/B077WF4WYV/   
   
3. The allegedly infringing work appears at the following location(s) online:  
   
https://github.com/fu4ck/btfm  
   
4. My contact information, as copyright holder, is as follows:  
   
[private]  
   
5. I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.  
   
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  
   
Signed this 30 day of July, 2020.  
   
   
[private]  
  
**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**  
  
https://github.com/fu4ck/btfm  
  
**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
  
@backlion backlion / btfm  
@C0ntr07 C0ntr07 / btfm  
@cream492 cream492 / btfm  
@fcccode fcccode / btfm  
@jack51706 jack51706 / btfm  
@jiazhang0 jiazhang0 / btfm  
@superf0sh superf0sh / btfm  
@zrbzrb zrbzrb / btfm  
  
**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
  
No.  
  
**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**  
  
Remove the content.  
  
**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**  
  
@fu4ck  
@backlion backlion / btfm  
@C0ntr07 C0ntr07 / btfm  
@cream492 cream492 / btfm  
@fcccode fcccode / btfm  
@jack51706 jack51706 / btfm  
@jiazhang0 jiazhang0 / btfm  
@superf0sh superf0sh / btfm  
@zrbzrb zrbzrb / btfm  
  
**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**  
  
**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**  
  
**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**  
  
**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**  
  
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**  
  
[private]  
  
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**  
  
[private]  
