**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I [private] our mobile app development at EdCast Inc, headquartered in Mountain View, CA. We store our mobile iOS app code in a private GitHub account.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

In the past, we hired a contractor on Upwork to work on our iOS app with the GitHub ID: [private]

After we had terminated our relationship with this contractor, [private] has unlawfully posted our private EdCast iOS app source code on GitHub here:  
https://github.com/johndpope/EDT-Swift

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

This full repository should be taken down: https://github.com/johndpope/EDT-Swift

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

We didn't see any other forks

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

It is not licensed under and open source license

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

This repository needs to be entirely deleted, as EdCast is the sole owner of the code. Additionally, the contractor violated NDA and legal rules by sharing the source code publicly on GitHub.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

We only have the GitHub user ID of the original contractor who has shared our code online: [private]

The GitHub user johndpope has shared the repository here as well: https://github.com/johndpope/EDT-Swift

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Phone Number: [private]

Physical Address:  
EdCast Inc  
1901 Old Middlefield Way, Ste 21,  
Mountain View, CA 94043

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
