**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am contacting you on behalf of Gameloft S.E. ("GAMELOFT"), in my quality of in-house intellectual property legal counsel.

Gameloft S.E. is a European Company, with its business address at 14 rue Auber, 75009 Paris, France. Since it was founded in 1999, GAMELOFT has released more than two hundred games and several have been downloaded by millions of players.

All Intellectual property rights related to GAMELOFT games and their components (such as, but without limitation, their source code, object codes, and game engine software), including copyright and trademarks, are the sole property of GAMELOFT and its licensors.

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials herein described on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

GAMELOFT developed and published the following game:

ASPHALT 6: ADRENALINE, an installment of the successful racing game franchise ASPHALT, first released on December 21st, 2010 on iOS, then ported to other platforms :

http://www.gameloft.com/central/asphalt/asphalt-memories-asphalt-6-adrenaline/

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Asphalt_6:_Adrenaline

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/djsoftware/GL

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

https://github.com/LolHacksRule/GL

https://github.com/rodrigobmg/GL

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

The work is not licensed under an open source license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Given that the litigious repository provides source code and resources owned by GAMELOFT and not intended to be disclosed outside of the company, no other solution than the full removal of the repository can be considered.

Indeed, the infringement is evidenced by most of the contents made available without GAMELOFT's authorization on the litigious repository:

- The directories " /_master_data/", "/_master_make" and "_master_src" contains all source code and contents of the game Asphalt 6, as well as related tools to create an executable build for this game.

- Localized builds of the game Asphalt 6 for Samsung devices are directly available under the directory "/release/".

- The directories "/_porting_tools /", "/buildConfiguration/" and "/_tools/" contain internal files, tools and libraries used and developed by GAMELOFT teams to make the game compatible on targeted devices and languages, which are not intended to be made available to the public.

- The directories "/data/", "/deviceConfiguration/" and "/src/" contain resources and code of the game Asphalt 6 optimized for various listed devices according to their manufacturers' specs.

- The files under the master directory are tools necessary to compile and make use of the aforementioned resources.

Consequently, the disclosure of such resources by user "djsoftware" is a blatant violation of GAMELOFT's intellectual property on Asphalt 6 source and object code, as well as for internal development tools.

As such, the litigious repository "https://github.com/djsoftware/GL" is a serious threat to GAMELOFT's business conduct. Indeed, this disclosure on GitHub was never authorized, and further reveals to the public a full set of tools and source code exposing GAMELOFT's trade secrets, internal know-how and strategical assets.

Therefore, we respectfully ask GitHub to proceed to the full removal of the litigious repositories and related forks at the shortest possible notice.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

User: https://github.com/djsoftware  
Provided mail adress: [private]

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Gameloft S.E.  
14 Rue Auber, 75009 Paris, France

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
