**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

It has come to my attention multiple users on your platform are using your service to distribute and host source code that violate my rights under the anti-circumvention provisions of the DMCA (17 U.S.C. §1201). I am the sole developer and copyright holder for the work, titled Luraph.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Luraph is a copyright infringement protection software used to secure copyrighted works embedded in software. Luraph contains technological measures to effectively control access to copyrighted work by encrypting or otherwise obscuring the embedded works. It is technologically improbable for an end user to obtain copies of the embedded works without circumventing all the security measures included in Luraph.

The aforementioned repositories contain source code and binaries primarily for the bad faith circumvention of Luraph protection software. The repositories contains reverse engineered and reconstructed decryption functions to aid in the circumvention of the software. The repositories also contain source code to allow a "one-click" extraction of copyrighted work from the Luraph protection software. The primary purpose of these repositories are to illegally circumvent technological measures that control access to copyrighted works.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/GxlZ/LuraphDeobfuscator  
https://github.com/leeairw/LuraphDeobfuscator  
https://github.com/josephcsible/LuraphDeobfuscator  
[private]

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

All forks I am knowledgeable to have been included in this notice. Additional notices will be sent as more are discovered. Please also notify me of any forks not mentioned in this notice.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No. It is not under an open source license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The entirety of the aforementioned repositories are infringing and must be wholly removed. I have searched for and have included all found forks in this notice. All aforementioned forks are functionally identical and violate the anti-circumvention provisions of the DMCA. This is a mirror of content previously taken down via the DMCA.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

I am only in possession of the GitHub usernames belonging to the infringers, as provided in the links above.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
[private]  
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
