"I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."

"I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."


Dear

Beijing Baidu Netcom Technology Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Baidu company" or "our company") hereby sends a letter to you regarding the infringement of the content of the code released by your company. We hope to treat it with caution:


I have read and understood GitHub's Guide to submitting DMCA notice. The infringement link and content of your website are as follows:https://github.com/GPC-debug/swanIoshttps://github.com/GPC-debug/gitDemo , the contents of the codes on the above two URLs are infringing. We have investigated each identified reprint one by one, and our affidavit applies to each identified reprint.
 

What remedial measures should be taken by infringing users: we require to delete all infringing contents in the two warehouses.

Our contact information: contact person: [private] Tel: [private], address: [private]

I firmly believe that the use of the above copyright materials on infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, his agent or the law. I have considered the situation of reasonable use. I hereby swear that the information in this notice is accurate. I am the copyright owner or the authorized representative of the owner of the copyright for suspected infringement of the exclusive rights. If there is any untruth, I am willing to accept the penalty of perjury

Electronic signature: [private]

Baidu intelligent small program source code is developed and produced by Baidu company. Baidu company has the original copyright to it, and has never licensed any third party to open or share. Now Baidu company found that your company without authorization, on the above code content in your company's websitehttps://github.com/GPC-debug/swanIos ,https://github.com/GPC-debug/gitDemo Download service is provided without authorization. Our company believes that according to the copyright law of the people's Republic of China and relevant judicial interpretation, the above-mentioned acts of your company have constituted a violation of Baidu company's copyright and caused serious losses.

In view of this, our company solemnly sends a letter to your company, asking your company to stop the above-mentioned infringement behavior immediately after receiving this notice, delete and offline the infringement content within 24 hours, and ban the infringement account number. At the same time, we hope that your company will abide by the obligation of careful review to ensure that the infringement of this series of works will not occur again.


After this letter is issued, we will also pay attention to the follow-up feedback and reserve the right to take further legal action.

I am writing to inform you of the above.
