**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
  
Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.  
  
**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**  
  
I, the undersigned, state that I am the authorized agent of the Intellectual Property Rights ("IPR") owner ("Microsoft"), who is a Member of the BSA Business Software Alliance, Inc. (BSA), a not-for-profit organization that protects its Members’ IPR pursuant to signed Powers of Attorney.  
  
**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
  
BSA has determined that GitHub.com (specifically, content made available on GitHub through the link listed below) is providing access to copyrighted, nonpublic, proprietary information of our member Microsoft. The link leads to copyrighted material pertaining to Microsoft. Specifically, Microsoft’s code of Windows NT 3.5.  
  
We have a good faith belief that the material made available on the page/link listed below has not been authorized by Microsoft, their agents, or the law for publication, listing or sale in this manner, or on your site.  
  
**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**  
  
https://github.com/meehoyuen/NT3.5  
  
**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
  
Yes, no forks were found.  
  
**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
  
No, it is not an open-source license.  
  
**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**  
  
Remove or disable access to the specific page/link described above.  
  
**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**  
  
No, I do not have it.  
  
**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**  
  
**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**  
  
**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**  
  
**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**  
  
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**  
  
[private]  
Telephone: [private]  
  
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**  
  
[private] BSA  
