**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

The nature of this copyright ownership pertains to web content, and web applications belonging to JPMorgan Chase & Co., I am an authorized agent of my client.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The reported repository is imitating Chase Bank's web application services. This entails their services for restoring accounts, recovering passwords, and verifying and validating information.

Our client's official website is linked below, once logged into Chase Bank, all of the services described above are available for customers.
https://www.chase.com/

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/restoreaccout05b

https://github.com/restoreaccout05b/restoreaccount-chase.github.io/blob/6d2a2a0d5657bb789bc1feb610b5fcf48807abe1/XBALTI%20V3/css/lostyle.css

https://github.com/restoreaccout05b/restoreaccount-chase.login.github.io/blob/57f3d16dde31b90efd3c314079cf9a3326694f67/chase/XBALTI%20V3/css/lostyle.css

Both files contain copyrights belonging to JPMorgan Chase & Co.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

This work is not open source licensed.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Removal of the reported files, along with the account, as it appears to be registered to solely host copyright infringing content.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

N/A

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

5520 Explorer Dr Suite 205  
O: [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**
[private]  
