**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I have a open-source Plugin system for a steam game using Unity Engine, that is published under the CC-SA3 license, and another user has copied the code from it, and released it under a new name, with a new license, with no credit to the original.

Both not including credit to the original, and changing the license it is published under, are violations of the CC-SA3 license.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

https://github.com/galaxy119/EXILED - Specifically the "1.11-Archived" and the "scopoTesting" branches are the ones that appear to have been copied.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

There is a repo (https://github.com/fydne/Qurre) that has basically taken the code of one of my own repos (https://github.com/galaxy119/EXILED/tree/scopoTesting) without following the requirement for crediting the original creator as stated in the CC-SA3 license my repo is published under, aswell as changing the license for which it is published under, which is another violation of the CC-SA3 license.

The code shown on the repo is a direct copy from an old "sample" plugin from my repo, and includes dll's which are just renamed versions of the ones build from the EXILED/scopoTesting repo linked above, but he offers no credit to the original developers.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

There is one fork of the offending repo, here: [private]

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

CC-SA3, the offending repos are in violation of the license, as they do not themselves include the CC-SA3 license, and do not provide credit to the original authors.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

They must either adhere to the CC-SA3 license requirements (providing credit for their code to the original author, me, and by publishing their repo under the CC-SA3 license and no others).

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

I do not.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

Phone: [private]

Email: [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
