**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**  

We, Subsolar Designs, are the copyright owner of the premium WordPress theme Novela.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  

The theme is available for purchase on https://themeforest.net/item/novela-book-landing-reading-theme/9380450  

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**  

https://github.com/OlmsteadEnterprises/FandomNerdsLaravel/tree/master/fandomnerds/themeforest-8uIpk40Y-novela-book-landing-reading-theme 

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**  

No, this is copyrighted software and distribution for free is damaging and threatening our small business.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**  

No

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.**  

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**  

**I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice.**  

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**  

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**  

[private]
