**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
  
Yes, I am the copyright holder.  
  
**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**  
  
This material is from a training course that we have published in training.autopsy.com. This is the text from the slides in those videos.  
  
**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
  
We have an 8-hour training course on our open source software, Autopsy.  
  
autopsy.com    
github.com/sleuthkit/autopsy  
  
We recently made an online version of the training and made it free for 60-days in the spring for COVID. It appears that someone got the text out of the slides and posted them as markdown files.  
  
**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**  
  
This repository contains the text from the training slides:  
  
https://github.com/n3m351d4/Autopsy-Training  
  
**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
  
There are currently 7 forks:  
@chertoGUN chertoGUN / Autopsy-Training  
@joeinfosec joeinfosec / Autopsy-Training  
@miseax miseax / Autopsy-Training  
@prashantraghava prashantraghava / Autopsy-Training  
@reednessfox reednessfox / Autopsy-Training  
@s4SHIVam7 s4SHIVam7 / Autopsy-Training  
@velespr0 velespr0 / Autopsy-Training  
  
**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
  
The training was not listed as open source. The training attendee had to agree to not distribute the materials.  
  
**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**  
  
Removal of the site.  
  
**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**  
  
No, I do not. But, the github name is n3m351d4.  
  
**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**  
  
**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**  
  
**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**  
  
**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**  
  
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**  
  
Phone: [private]    
  
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**  
  
[private]  
