**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
  
Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.  
  
**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**  
  
I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.  
  
We are the copyright owner of the product "LaraPass" being infringed at:  
  
URL : https://github.com/karim1999/larapass  
  
This letter is official notification under the provisions of Section 512(c) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") to effect removal of the above-reported infringements. I request that you immediately issue a cancellation message as specified in RFC 1036 for the specified postings and prevent the infringer, who is identified by its Web address, from posting the infringing material to your servers in the future. Please be advised that law requires you, as a service provider, to "expeditiously remove or disable access to" the infringing material upon receiving this notice. Noncompliance may result in a loss of immunity for liability under the DMCA.  
  
I have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of here is not authorized by me, the copyright holder, or the law. The information provided here is accurate to the best of my knowledge. I swear under penalty of perjury that I am the copyright holder.  
  
Please send me at the address noted below a prompt response indicating the actions you have taken to resolve this matter.  
  
Sincerely,  
  
[private]  
[private]  
Spargon Technologies Pvt. Ltd.  
  
**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
  
The original product is listed on Codecanyon (an Envato Marketplace) and sold as a standard limited single-use license product here - https://codecanyon.net/item/larapass-your-personal-password-manager/22746554 . Official website for the product can be found here - https://larapass.net/ . The product is developed & owned by Spargon Technologies Private Limited (IN).  
  
**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**  
  
https://github.com/karim1999/larapass  
  
**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
  
I haven't discovered any forks of the infringing repo yet.  
  
**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
  
No, the files/source code is not sold under any open source license. Its sold using the limited standard envato license (terms listed here - https://codecanyon.net/licenses/standard)  
  
**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**  
  
No, the product is sold for a single-use domain installation only. Any sharing of the source code public or private with any 3rd party violates our licensing terms.  
  
**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**  
  
**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**  
  
**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**  
  
**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**  
  
**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**  
  
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**  
  
Contact # [private]   
Address : [private]  
  
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**  
  
[private]  
