Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf? If you are submitting this notice on behalf of a company, please be sure to use an email address on the company's domain. If you use a personal email address for a notice submitted on behalf of a company, we may not be able to process it.**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am the [private] of the original work.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed.**

The content of "ox_lib" consists of original code written in Lua and TypeScript developed by the Overextended team, which provides some web components and a number of modules provided as a library to be used with other scripts written for FiveM.

**If the original work referenced above is available online, please provide a URL.**

https://github.com/overextended/ox_lib

**We ask that a DMCA takedown notice list every specific file in the repository that is infringing, unless the entire contents of the repository are infringing on your copyright. Please clearly state that the entire repository is infringing, OR provide the specific files within the repository you would like removed.**

**Based on the above, I confirm that:**

The entire repository is infringing

**Identify the full repository URL that is infringing:**

https://github.com/emanueldev1/qs_lib

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**If you are reporting an allegedly infringing fork, please note that each fork is a distinct repository and <i>must be identified separately</i>. Please read more about <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">forks.</a> As forks may often contain different material than in the parent repository, if you believe any of the repositories or files in the forks are infringing, please list each fork URL below:**

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

Yes

**Which license?**

other

**How do you believe the license is being violated?**

4. Combined Works.  
You may convey a Combined Work under terms of your choice that,  
taken together, effectively do not restrict modification of the  
portions of the Library contained in the Combined Work and reverse  
engineering for debugging such modifications, if you also do each of  
the following:

a) Give prominent notice with each copy of the Combined Work that  
the Library is used in it and that the Library and its use are  
covered by this License.

5. Combined Libraries.  
You may place library facilities that are a work based on the  
Library side by side in a single library together with other library  
facilities that are not Applications and are not covered by this  
License, and convey such a combined library under terms of your  
choice, if you do both of the following:

a) Accompany the combined library with a copy of the same work based  
on the Library, uncombined with any other library facilities,  
conveyed under the terms of this License.

b) Give prominent notice with the combined library that part of it  
is a work based on the Library, and explaining where to find the  
accompanying uncombined form of the same work.

---

The copyright and license notices included in all files taken from ox_lib have been removed; there is no mention of the original work anywhere.

**What changes can be made to bring the project into compliance with the license? For example, adding attribution, adding a license, making the repository private.**

Proper attribution must be added to each file containing code taken from the original work, otherwise the repository must be removed.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full name for your signature.**

[private]
