Dear Sir or Madam:

My name is [private], [private] of OpenVPN, Inc. ("OpenVPN"). On behalf of OpenVPN and pursuant to the Digital Millenium Copyright Act of 1998, I am submitting this notice to GitHub, Inc. ("GitHub") to remove from the GitHub website the copies of portions of OpenVPN Connect appearing on the GitHub repositories identified below.  
I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice and am providing you with the following information relevant to this notice.
1. Identification of the Infringed Work. The work that is being infringed is OpenVPN Connect v.3 ("OpenVPN Connect"). OpenVPN Connect is a downloadable app that establishes and transports data over an encrypted secure tunnel via the internet to a VPN server using the OpenVPN protocol. It is a proprietary program of OpenVPN. A description of a version of OpenVPN Connect is at https://openvpn.net/client/. Users accessing and downloading OpenVPN Connect are required to consent to the End-User License Agreement for that program, a copy of which is at https://openvpn.net/wp-content/uploads/ovpn-connect-eula-oct23.pdf (the "EULA").  
2. Identification of the Infringing Material and Location. The infringing material consists of portions of the OpenVPN Connect code that have been downloaded without OpenVPN's permission and placed on two GitHub repositories. To obtain these files, the creators of these repositories needed to download OpenVPN Connect, disassemble portions of that program to extract the desired files, and then copy those components to the GitHub repository. The description the infringers give to the files as having been "Pulled from OpenVPN Connect 3.2.4" demonstrates the process they used to copy, disassemble, and post them in these repositories. This download, extraction, and copying of portions of the OpenVPN Connect code violates the EULA and OpenVPN's rights under the United States Copyright Act.  
The GitHub repositories where the infringing materials appear are https://github.com/kaozaza2/openvpn-core and https://github.com/cj-marius-duna/openvpn-core. The latter repository appears to be a fork of the repository created by "kaozaza2."  
3. Contact Information. My contact information is as follows:  
[private], [private]  
OpenVPN, Inc.  
[private]  
[private]  
(ph) [private]  
e-mail: [private]  
4. Infringing Parent Repository Information:
Name: [private]  
Username: kaozaza2  
URL of account owner: https://github.com/kaozaza2

5. Forked Repository Information:

Name: [private]
Username: cj-marius-duna  
URL of account holder: https://github.com/cj-marius-duna

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration. The creation of and posting of this infringing material violates OpenVPN's rights under the copyright laws of the United States.  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  
Sincerely,

[private], [private]  
OpenVPN, Inc.
