Dear GitHub Trust & Safety Team,

 

We are [private] and [private], attorneys at Shanghai Sunhold Law Offices, and we represent UNISOC ([private]) Technologies Co., Ltd. ("UNISOC"), the exclusive rights holder of certain proprietary source code.

 

We are submitting this DMCA takedown notice to report copyright infringement occurring at the following GitHub repository:

https://github.com/deadman96385/uni_ril

 

This repository contains code bearing the following copyright notice:

Copyright (C) 2015 Spreadtrum Communications Inc.

 

Spreadtrum Communications Inc. is a predecessor entity of UNISOC, and its assets, including all rights to the above source code, have been lawfully assigned to and are now owned by UNISOC. This code was never published as open source, and any public distribution of this material is unauthorized.

The infringing repository includes proprietary software that was developed and copyrighted by Spreadtrum Communications Inc., and is now solely held by UNISOC. The public display and distribution of this material on GitHub violates UNISOC’s copyright and should be disabled immediately.

 

We request that GitHub disable public access to the entire repository located at:

https://github.com/deadman96385/uni_ril

Due to the proprietary nature of the code, partial removal is insufficient, and the repository must be taken down in full.

 

Contact information of the complaining party:

Name: [private] / [private]

Law Firm: Shanghai Sunhold Law Offices

Email: [private] / [private]

Phone: [private]

Address: [private]

 

Statements

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.

I have taken fair use into consideration.

I have read and understand GitHub’s Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice.

 

[private]

[private] / [private]

Attorneys at Law

Shanghai Sunhold Law Offices
