**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf? If you are submitting this notice on behalf of a company, please be sure to use an email address on the company's domain. If you use a personal email address for a notice submitted on behalf of a company, we may not be able to process it.**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

We are an Antipiracy solution provider authorized to act on behalf of Pocket FM Private Limited (Rights Holder) regarding the violation of their intellectual property rights. The intellectual property rights include, without limitation, the copyright in and the rights to stream audio content (the Audio Content) that is being streamed on their platform pocketfm.com These rights originate with the Rights Holder. The Rights Holder and their group companies are the official platforms and they are entitled to enforce these rights (Exclusive Rights).


The Exclusive Rights in relation to the Audio Content (Copyrighted Content) will be transmitted with license and authorization on various platforms (including the internet & mobile) by the Rights Holder and / or their authorized licensees.


We would like to bring to your notice in accordance with the Information Technology Act, 2000 and the Information Technology (Intermediary Guidelines) Rules, 2011 framed there under, regarding the violation of the Rights Holder exclusive rights under the Copyright Act, 1957 through the intermediarys web portal. The unauthorized distribution may also violate the Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act (OCILLA) a part of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998. The Copyrighted Content has been identified and is accessible, as of the date of this notice, at the following website github.com.

The Rights Holder vigilantly protects its intellectual property rights and reserves the right to take whatever further action it deems fit if you fail to comply with the above demands. For the avoidance of any doubt any failure to comply with this Notice may subject you to legal proceedings without further notice.


This Notice does not constitute a waiver or relinquishment of any right or remedy that Rights Holder may have in relation to this matter. All such rights and remedies available under the applicable law are hereby reserved accordingly.


AUTHORIZATION LETTER:

[private]


DIGITAL SIGNATURE FOR COPYRIGHT CLAIM

Authorized online digital content production representative for Private Limited


[private]

[private]

Aiplex Software Private Limited,

[private]

[private]

[private]

[private]

E-mail: [private]

Website: www.aiplex.com

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed.**

The URLs below are our client’s official sites containing the original content:  
https://pocketfm.com/  
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.radio.pocketfm&hl=en_IN

The infringing party has uploaded our client's content on the reported page, allowing users to download the modded APK and stream the content illegally.

Therefore, we kindly request the immediate removal of the reported URL due to a violation of intellectual property rights.

**If the original work referenced above is available online, please provide a URL.**

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.radio.pocketfm&hl=en_IN  
https://pocketfm.com/

**We ask that a DMCA takedown notice list every specific file in the repository that is infringing, unless the entire contents of the repository are infringing on your copyright. Please clearly state that the entire repository is infringing, OR provide the specific files within the repository you would like removed.**

**Based on the above, I confirm that:**

The entire repository is infringing

**Identify the full repository URL that is infringing:**

https://github.com/advaithsshetty/pocketfm_downloader

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**If you are reporting an allegedly infringing fork, please note that each fork is a distinct repository and <i>must be identified separately</i>. Please read more about <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">forks.</a> As forks may often contain different material than in the parent repository, if you believe any of the repositories or files in the forks are infringing, please list each fork URL below:**

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

[private]  
[private]

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full name for your signature.**

[private]
