Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

Dear sirs,
 
ACCORDING TO DIRECTIVE 2019/790, PROFESSIONAL DILIGENCE, BEST EFFORTS, AND EXPEDITIOUS PROCEDURES TO ENSURE THE UNAVAILABILITY OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT IS EXPECTED. THIS COMMUNICATION CONTAINS LEGALLY SIGNIFICANT INFORMATION AND MUST BE READ CAREFULLY. FAILURE TO ACT UPON THE MATTERS OUTLINED HEREIN MAY RESULT IN YOUR ACTIONS—OR LACK THEREOF—BEING INTERPRETED AS ACTIVE COOPERATION OR FACILITATION OF CRIMES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFRINGEMENT AND MONEY LAUNDERING. YOU ARE HEREBY URGED TO TAKE IMMEDIATE AND APPROPRIATE MEASURES TO COMPLY WITH YOUR LEGAL OBLIGATIONS TO AVOID POTENTIAL LEGAL CONSEQUENCES.FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THE DEMANDS OF THIS NOTICE IMMEDIATELY WILL RESULT IN THE BLOCKING OF THE IP ADDRESS(ES) INCLUDED IN THIS NOTICE BY INTERNET SERVICE PROVIDERS IN SPAIN IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE COMMERCIAL COURT NO. 6 OF BARCELONA IN JUDGMENT 310/2024.
 
 
1. The National Professional Football League, (hereinafter, LaLiga) is the assignee entity for the marketing of rights to exploit audiovisual content of the National League Championship of the First and Second Divisions according to Article 2 of the Royal Decree-Law 5/2015, of [private], on urgent measures regarding the marketing of rights to exploit audiovisual content of professional football competitions. LaLiga reserves the right to take legal actions against your company if the demands of this notice are not met and the files stored on your service are not removed.
 
2. Audiovisual content from the National League Championship of the First and Second Divisions have been uploaded and/or technologically supported or published by your service without the permission of LaLiga. In particular, the reported IP address is involved in an illegal broadcasting service. Your client does not have any right to publicly communicate the images of the game representing a breach of LaLiga´s rights to exploit audiovisual content of the National League Championship in their First and Second Divisions.
 
3. I inform you that LaLiga is the copyright holder of the aforementioned work. Therefore, copying, reproduction, plagiarism, distribution and/or public communication made without authorization from LaLiga contravenes the provisions of the Directive 2019/790 of the European Parliament and of the Council on copyright and related rights in the Digital Single Market as well as the provisions of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA).  
YOUR INACTION MAY BE INTERPRETED AS CONTRIBUTING TO CRIMES RELATED TO INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFRINGEMENT AND MONEY LAUNDERING.
 
4. I hereby request the immediate removal of the content available at the following INFRINGING IP Addresses and/or URLs:
 
- The following link: https://4spn.github.io/c/?id=530 is hosted in the IP address [private].  
- I also include a screenshot of the infringement taking place to support my complaint: [private]  
- This IP address ([private]) according to RIPE records, belongs to the company FASTLY with abuse mail [private]  
- The following sequence of steps were used to capture the evidence:  
- [private] - site  
- https://4spn.github.io/c/?id=530 - iframe (the abuse subject that reports to you)  
- [private]  
- [private]  
 
5. An authorized example of the content is available at  
http://www.laliga.es/  
https://www.youtube.com/user/laliga
 
6. By submitting this notification, I declare: I have a good faith belief that the use of the copyrighted materials described above and contained on the service is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law. I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the Copyright Owner or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
 
You are hereby notified of the infringement taking place at your service and the swift removal of this unlawfully reproduced content is now requested.
 
Truthfully,  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
Your attention,
