Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

To whom it may concern,
 
I hereby state under penalty of perjury that I am authorized to act on behalf of Cengage Learning, Inc. (hereinafter “Cengage”), with its registered office located at [private]. Cengage is a world-renowned publisher, dedicated to publishing high quality educational materials around the world. Cengage is the exclusive copyright owner of the textbooks, test banks, and/or instructor solution manuals it has published as well as the copyrighted material displayed on the official website www.cengage.com  

Consequently, any exploitation (including but not limited to the use) of Cengage’s IPRs must be expressly authorized by my client.  
Recently it has come to my attention that the website on domain name github.com, contains unauthorized use of Cengage’s copyrights.   

I have a good faith to belief that such use of Cengage’s copyrights is not authorized by Cengage, by any agent of Cengage, or by law. That constitutes copyright infringement.  
The aforementioned infringements take place on the Infringing Website that is conducted under the below URL(s).  
https://github.com/bookyue/my_books/blob/master/mathematics/calculus/stewart_calculus/Instructor%E2%80%99s%20Solutions%20Manuals%20for%20Calculus%20Early%20Transcendentals%209th%20Edition%20by%20James%20Stewart%2C%20Daniel%20K.%20Clegg%2C%20Saleem%20Watson.pdf  
https://github.com/bookyue/my_books/blob/master/mathematics/calculus/stewart_calculus/Calculus%20Early%20Transcendentals%209th%20Edition%20Metric%20Edition%20by%20James%20Stewart%2C%20Daniel%20Clegg%2C%20Saleem%20Watson.pdf

You, as a owner of this website, have been made aware of the infringing activity on the website operated under the domain name github.com through this notification. On behalf of Cengage, I hereby request you to remove the website expeditiously and permanently from your servers, or disable access to it in a swift and permanent manner within 5 days after receiving this letter.  

The information contained in this letter is accurate and shall not affect in any way, the rights, remedies and/or defenses my client has, had, or may have for acting in this matter.
 
Sincerely,  
On behalf of Cengage,  
Corsearch B.V.  
[private]
 
Our contact information:   
Address : [private]  
| Phone: [private]  
| email : [private]  
