We are outside counsel to, and an authorized agent of, OpenAI Foundation (“OpenAI”) and write to notify you of two GitHub repositories that infringe on code owned by OpenAI. OpenAI has a good faith belief that use of the code in this manner is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law. In accordance with Section 512(c) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”), please remove the identified infringing material immediately.

On information and belief, GitHub user “rand-tech” has uploaded two repositories on to GitHub that infringe on proprietary code owned by OpenAI. The repositories titled “oai-granola” (https://github.com/rand-tech/oai-granola) and “oai-cua” (https://github.com/rand-tech/oai-cua), contain direct, literal copies of original and proprietary code that was developed by OpenAI for exclusive, commercial purposes to support OpenAI’s agentic service offerings, and is neither open source nor licensed. Accordingly, there is no fair use exception, and the entirety of the infringing code must be removed immediately. At this time, OpenAI is not aware of any forks that include the infringing content.
 

I certify, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. We have read and understand GitHub’s Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice and represent that this notice complies with GitHub’s requirements. OpenAI reserves all rights and remedies, including applicable statutory damages.  You can reach me at: [private] or [private].

 

Very truly yours,  
[private]

 

WILSON SONSINI

[private] | [private] | Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati  
[private] | [private] | [private] | [private]
