Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

Re: DMCA Notice - https://github.com/VRPirates/rookie/releases/download/v2.30.0/AndroidSideloader.exe

Dear GitHub DMCA Agent,

Our firm represents Meta Platforms, Inc., formerly Facebook, Inc. (“MP”), in intellectual property matters. MP is a pioneer in the virtual reality (“VR”) and entertainment fields, and owner of the Beat Saber experience and underlying copyrighted source code in the Beat Saber game. Beat Saber is an award-winning VR rhythm game that has been played by millions of people around the world and is one of the top-selling VR games of all time. See, e.g., https://beatsaber.com/. MP is also the owner of copyright rights in the source code for its Beat Saber game, including under US Copyright Registration Number [private]

Please consider this formal service of a Digital Millennium Copyright Act takedown notice. I have read and understand GitHub’s Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice 

We recently learned that a GitHub repository located at https://github.com/VRPirates/rookie/releases/download/v2.30.0/AndroidSideloader.exe (the “Infringing Repository”), which is hosted on GitHub, provides several unauthorized pirated versions of MP’s Beat Saber game, as shown in the example screenshot below.
 
MP diligently enforces its rights in and to its intellectual property in all forms and rightfully takes its responsibility for the protection of its intellectual property very seriously.  We therefore request your assistance in removing the Infringing Repository, pursuant to applicable copyright law. 

I have the good faith belief that the use of MP’s intellectual property in the manner complained of is not authorized by MP, its agent, or the law. 

I further declare under penalty of perjury that I am authorized to act on behalf of MP and that the information in this letter is accurate. I may be contacted via the contact information in the signature block below.

Nothing contained in this letter constitutes an express or implied waiver of any rights, remedies, or defenses of MP, all of which are expressly reserved.

Thank you for your attention to this notice.
 
Sincerely,  
[private]  

[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
Kilpatrick Townsend & Stockton LLP  
[private]  
T [private] | F [private]
