1. Statement of Understanding  
  
I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.  
  
  
2. Identification of the Copyrighted Work  
  
TITLE: The Coffin of Andy and Leyley (https://store.steampowered.com/app/2378900/The_Coffin_of_Andy_and_Leyley/)  
  
A psychological horror adventure game released October 13, 2023, following siblings Andrew and Ashley Graves as they attempt to survive a quarantine and the increasingly disturbing events that follow.  
  
CHARACTERS  
  
Andrew Graves  
  
A young man with messy black hair, pale skin, and green eyes. Wearing a dark long-sleeved sweater with a ribbed collar with a visible tag.  
  
Ashley Graves  
  
A young woman with long black hair tied back, and pink eyes. Wearing a black sweater with a wide scoop-neck collar, a small choker with a small pearl, and light gray cuffed shorts.  
  
  
3. Identification of the Infringing Material  
  
The material that I claim is infringing the copyrighted work identified above is located at the following URL(s):  
  
https://github.com/r0z33z0r/tmp    
https://github.com/r0z33z0r/tmp/tree/main/www  
  
The repo is being used to host encrypted game files from the commercial release. File names can be compared against the attached manifest file from the Steam depot.  
  
  
4. Information About the Alleged Infringer  
  
[private] ([private])  
https://github.com/r0z33z0r  
  
Activity involved relates to development of a third-party launcher tool that facilitates access to modified versions of the copyrighted work and related unauthorized derivative content.  
  
  
5. Remedy Requested  
  
To remedy the infringement, the repo must be removed or access to it disabled.  
  
  
6. Contact Information  
  
Name: [private]  
Address: [private]  
Phone: [private]  
Case Email: [private]  
  
  
7. Good Faith Statement  
  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.  
  
  
8. Accuracy and Authority Statement  
  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  
  
  
9. Signature  
  
[private]  
[Electronic Signature]  
