Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?

Yes I am an author of code, but owner is technically my employer.

Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.

https://gist.github.com/mazkobot/8b2ab5bfac36d9e34d8ded6eb4d1e92f

I have made GIST using 3rd party website (https://sed.js.org/index.html) and now I can't delete it. This content is private and cannot be publicated! It is part of code used by company I'm working for and can't be spread into the public. the code is a part of MULE Flows. It's made for ESB services (https://www.mulesoft.com/resources/esb/what-mule-esb). I cannot give you link, but it's made from Anypoint Studio.. Includes Flows that I said. Through a third party website I used regular expression to choose only one row from original ca 15 rows Flows.  I can probably make a screenshot with blinded parts if it's helps. This one row contain name of flow and url to localhost with uri parameters and this is a problem.  

What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:

https://gist.github.com/mazkobot/8b2ab5bfac36d9e34d8ded6eb4d1e92f  
All of them - sed.js, whole GIST.

Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.

It seems that there are no forks away from GIST https://gist.github.com/mazkobot/8b2ab5bfac36d9e34d8ded6eb4d1e92f

Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?

It's not open source, this part of code is owned by my employer.

What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?

The repository is set as private, but I need to delete them for sure as this may be understood as violation of my job contract.

Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:

email: [private]
email: [private]

Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice:
https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:

[private]

Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:

[private]
