**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**

-We are iZOOlogic authorized representative of OLA 

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.olacabs.customer&hl=en

-This is the original app where the source code was extracted. According to OLA, the source code found on the reported repository belongs to them. Also on a security point of view, the source code of the app leaked and exposed online can be used for phishing activities and take advantage of the information made publicly. The source code was never meant to be made in public by OLA. OLA claims that their threat intelligence crawl in fact has discovered these source code gone rogue.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**

https://github.com/Ola-Now/Ola-Now

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

-Yes, we have already reported the fork and it appears we are only facing issues on this certain repositories

**Is the work licensed under an open-source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

- Not applicable

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

- Our client OLA is requesting to completely remove the repository.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**

-No

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

-I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

- I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

-I confirm that I have read your Guide to submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

-Telephone Number: [private]    

-Address:  
Level 30, The Leadenhall Building,  
122 Leadenhall Street, EC3V 4AB  
City of London, UNITED KINGDOM  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[private]  
