**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

SAP SE IS THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OF ALL CONTENT IN THE IDENTIFIED REPOSITORY. I AM AUTHORIZED TO ACT ON BEHALF OF SAP SE.”

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

https://github.com/ppresto/chef-inspec

The contents in this repo are almost all from SAP internal Git which is : [private]

There is another one https://github.com/ppresto/splunk

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The whole repo https://github.com/ppresto/chef-inspec and https://github.com/ppresto/splunk should be taken down.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

These are the hashes for the files in the SAP internal Git.  
[private]

These are the one for the public git:  
[private]

It can prove the files in the author's repo is from SAP copyrighted internal Git

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Please request the user to delete all the contents in his repo. The user is a former SAP employee and now he left SAP already.  
He should not post SAP confidential&Internal information to public.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
