**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Copyright Certificate, Game Trademark, ICP, Court Notary Certificate, Court Piracy Indictment

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Pirated games, claimed to be pirates making and developing games, pirates bundled my games with viruses and sold them at https://sryml.github.io/2019/03/27/BoD-resources-navigation/

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

Delete all, piracy seal processing https://sryml.github.io/2019/03/27/BoD-resources-navigation/

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, the whole page is full of infringement and piracy.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

Dark blade game source code is not open source and never open source, violating the license file

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Delete and seal piracy. Players lose money and earn less money. No repository can be set as private, and the original document can only be owned by the copyright owner.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

Contacted, pirates released the game source code to GitHub and stick to the blade of the dark edge, and sold the dark edge game bundling order program. Many platforms have deleted pirated permanent titles.

Five Places to Pirate Dark Blade Game

[private]

Https://sryml.github.io/2019/03/27/BoD-resources-navigation/

[private]

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
