Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.

I am outside counsel for trademark and security matters for T-Mobile USA, Inc., the copyright owner, and am authorized to act on their behalf. 

Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.

The original copyrighted work is back-end code created by and for, and owned by, T-Mobile USA, Inc. It is not posted online. The repository contains copyrighted content owned by T-Mobile USA, Inc., and created while the repository holder was a contractor at T-Mobile USA, Inc. The repository also includes login information and other project data that could create security vulnerabilities.

What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.

https://github.com/faisalhabibansari/mwt

Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.

There do not appear to be any forks.

Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?

No.

What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?

Disabling access to the repository is the best solution; copyrighted content (and security risks) are present substantially throughout. The code was not supposed to be retained or stored after the contractor relationship had ended, in any event, so making it private will not help.

Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.

No

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

I have taken fair use into consideration.

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice.

So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.

[private]

Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.

[private]
