**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**   

I am the copyright owner.      
    
**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
The copyrighted work in question is a C# bot for a online platform known as CollabVM (hereinafter "CVM".) When distributing it privately, I failed to exclude a block of code that is MALICIOUS (in the context of the online platform, the malicious block of code does not affect the host's computer in any fashion, but negatively harms the platform.)      
    
**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**     https://github.com/DFUDIES/Bouncer/tree/master/Dlls    
https://github.com/DFUDIES/Bouncer/blob/master/Program.cs    
https://github.com/DFUDIES/Bouncer/blob/master/Bouncer.sln    
https://github.com/DFUDIES/Bouncer/blob/master/App.config    
    
**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**      
There is one single fork, located at https://github.com/Kitsumi/Bouncer    
    
**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
The work is not licensed at all, reserving all rights to myself.    
    
**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**  
The repository (sadly) must have the listed files purged from it, and or the repository disabled for public viewing.    
    
**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**    
I do not have the infringer's contact information.      

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.    
    
**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.      
    
**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**   
I have read the Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice.      
    
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**    
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**    
[private]   
