1. I have read and understand GitHubs Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

2. Our source code for our mobile app Datefit has been posted on GitHub and we need it removed. This code is a literal copy of our work.  The person who we believe posted it was working on our app for a few weeks but we fired him and now he’s been causing these types of issues.  We’ve filed a report with the FBI and local authorities and are moving forward w/ prosecution of this individual ( aside from  this situation and other damages he’s done to our app).  We’ve reported this situation to the authorities as well as we have strong belief he is the one who posted since he’s the only other guy that had access to the code base.

3. Here is the link to the post -> https://github.com/df4free/datefit-mobile/

4. The poster or GitHub needs to delete the entire post.  This code is owned by Datefit LLC

5. My contact information is [private]  [private] [private]

6. I have in good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

7. I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification  is accurate and that I am the copyright owner of the infringed.

 

I greatly appreciate your help in having this removed.  This code base took us years to write and this start-up is my life.  It’s important to be fair and remove.  Again I am [private].  Here is a link to my Linked in for verification. [private]

 

Thank you,

 

[private]

