**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

We are Shanghai Sinitek Computer Software Co., Ltd. 上海携宁计算机科技股份有限公司
I am authorized to do on behalf of this company to deal with copyrighted source code of our company on github.
our company website is: www.sinitek.com

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

We have a project named fia_sirm_jj_hmcf, which is illegaled copied to github in the https://github.com/zhanght86/plm-hmcf  
In this project, the title of the project is: 携宁科技好买项目  
and the file: 泛资管444版本.txt indicates our project name.  
and all the package names of the source codes of java: com.sinitek  
We have made a detailed description of the the project files, please review the pdf:   [private]

We can also provide you a user account to access our company's svn repository if you need.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

Please take down the entire repository: https://github.com/zhanght86/plm-hmcf  
It is just a total copy of our comercial project.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

No forks found yet.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

Not open source license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Best solution is to delete the repository in Github, not make private. We are very concerned about this leak on our source codes.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No contact information, we do not know who is him.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
