**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

l am employed by and representing BECODE PTY LTD, acting under instruction from the [private].

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

These works are BECODE PTY LTD's intellectual property, including some of our databases. The Github account owner was a former employee that was not authorised to redistribute any of it in any way.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/sanaadostmuhammad/becode-frontend-angular-hybrid

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

No

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No, this work is not licensed to be used by anyone and is internal software for BECODE PTY LTD.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Immediate removal of the repositories. The person does not have any right or permission to have a copy of the code in any form.

Any information that can be provided on how many times it may have been downloaded or viewed is extremely useful.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

[private]  
[private]

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
[private]  

[private]  
BECODE PTY LTD  
[private]  
[private]  
AUSTRALIA

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
