**DMCA Takedown Notice**  


**Name**  
[private]  


**Email**  
[private]  

 

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf.

 

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**  

Okta, Inc. is the copyright owner.  I am [private] at Okta, authorized to protect the company’s intellectual property, including by submitting DMCA takedown notices.

 

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  

The copyrighted works described below were created when user was an employee at Okta.  User granted Okta all rights, title, and interests in copyrighted works created while employed at Okta, and Okta is the rightful owner of the works.  The works were copied onto your servers and are being made available to the public without permission.  These works are proprietary to Okta and should not be available anywhere online. 

 

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**  

All files listed on https://gist.github.com/reyesruiz-okta should be taken down.  Specifically, files located at the following URLs should be taken down:  

· https://gist.github.com/reyesruiz-okta/2b5df883afe19a65a9e4caa44ee67053  

· https://gist.github.com/reyesruiz-okta/b0b7a69beece96df5f08e1e687a5e854  

· https://gist.github.com/reyesruiz-okta/0cbed08d86d08359946c432e8f31c7b7  

· https://gist.github.com/reyesruiz-okta/96773ccc888c3646be1a9be180e01b37  

· https://gist.github.com/reyesruiz-okta/3995a373948a5ab87f4f19b0656044c7  

 

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  

Yes, we have searched for any forks of the infringing files/repositories.  There are no forks, and all files have been identified in the prior question.

 

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  

None of these works are licensed under an open source license.

 

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**  

Removal is the only solution for this infringement.  The user has no rights to these files, so any other changes, including making the repository private, will not be sufficient.

 

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**  

Okta does not have additional contact information for the infringer.  Their GitHub username is reyesruiz-okta, and their GitHub profile is available at https://github.com/reyesruiz-okta.

 

✔ **I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**  

✔ **I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**  

✔ **I have taken fair use into consideration.**  

✔ **I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice.**  

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**  

[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**  

[private]  

 

 
