Dear Github:  
I am en employee of company "HanClouds" which in Chinese is "瀚云科技".  
It is nice to be able to use Github such professiona and effcient platform, and now I have a need to be very hopefully  
able to get Github's support and resolution.  
I have read and understand Github's Guide to Filling a DMCA Notice.  
I created a Repository called "hanCloudsGateWay-FreeRtosDemo" using my personal account(email is [private]),which contained contents hanclouds and "瀚云科技" are all owned by the company.Later found that before we deleted ,the user named jinfen completedly forked my entire Repository ,and it still exists. I have tried to get in touch with the user but failed, as his email is set private.   
The following is Github's URL:  
        https://github.com/jinfen/hanCloudsGateWay-FreeRtosDemo  
          
 Since "jinfen/hanCloudsGateWay-FreeRtosDemo" contains the company's important source code, algorithm and system configuration information,
belonging to the company's internal data assets, so we hope Github as soon as possible to help us completely remove jinfen/hanCloudsGateWay-FreeRtosDemo and thank you very much!  
        The following is my contact information:  
        Company Name : HanClouds (瀚云科技)  
        My e-mail Address : [private]  
        CellPhone:+[private]  
        Company Address:[private]   
        I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.  
       I swear , under penalty of perjury , that the information in this notification is accurate and tha I am the copyright owener, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive righet that is allegedly infringed.   
        Hoping for your response ,and thanks again.  
