**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I have some of the code, and the code was licensed exclusively to the repositories owner for his commercial use, not for any public use.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The UI library is the part I made. The Lua files in the UI library also has a license notice at the top of every file that explicitly says that it's licensed exclusively to Hyrane.co, and thereby shouldn't be in a public repository.

[private]  

The folder with my code in.
https://github.com/HeyImKarma/hyrane-darkrp/tree/master/addons/%5Bhyrane%5D_ui

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

All files in this folder https://github.com/HeyImKarma/hyrane-darkrp/tree/master/addons/%5Bhyrane%5D_ui

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

No.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No, it's licensed specifically to the person for commercial use on his platform.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The best solution would be a complete deletion of the [hyrane]_ui folder. If that requires removal of the repository then remove it, otherwise just remove the folder and make the repository private.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Phone number: [private]  
Address: [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
