[private]  
111 Pier Avenue, Suite 100     
Hermosa Beach, CA 90254     
[private]  
[private]  
     
Via E-Mail Only     
     
Github, Inc.     
Attn: DMCA Agent     
88 Colin P Kelly Jr Street     
San Francisco, CA 94107     
copyright@github.com     
     
To Whom It May Concern,     
     
The following information serves to assert my client’s rights and request removal of infringing web content under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA). I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.     
     
The following is a report, in good faith, of alleged copyright infringement. I am contacting you as the designated agent for the site upon which the infringing work currently appears. This letter is a Notice of Infringement as authorized in §512(c) of the U.S. Copyright Law.     
     
I am the legal counsel of the copyright owner of the works and the following is true and accurate.     
     
1. The original work, for which my client claims copyright, appears, with my permission, at the following locations online: https://us1.my.wallarm.com.     
     
2. Copies of my client’s original copyrighted work can be found at https://github.com/wallarm to further assist you in your evaluation and determination.     
     
3. The infringing content appears at the following location(s) online: https://github.com/d0ggystyle/wallarm-source-leak.     
     
4. My contact information, as legal counsel for the original copyright holder, is as follows:     
     
[private]       
111 Pier Avenue, Suite 100     
Hermosa Beach, CA 90254     
[private] 
[private] 
     
5. The username of the copyright infringer is: d0ggystyle.     
     
6. I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.     
     
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.     
     
Signed this 16th day of October, 2019 in Hermosa Beach, Los Angeles County, California.     
     
[private]                                    
/[private]/                                                           
