**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
  
Yes, I am the copyright holder.  
  
**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**  
  
This repository contains files which are the copyrighted intellectual property of the University of Michigan. I am the original [private] at the University of Michigan.  
  
**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
  
This repository contains files which are the copyrighted intellectual property of the University of Michigan. I contacted the owner of this repository with a request to take it down on 19/09/14, 19/09/21. My original material can be found at: [private]  
  
This is a summary of the files included:  
starter_files/VERSION  
starter_files/setup.py  
starter_files/hello/config.json  
starter_files/hello/templates/index.html  
starter_files/hello_css/config.json  
starter_files/hello_css/static/css/style.css  
starter_files/hello_css/templates/index.html  
starter_files/config.json  
starter_files/static/uploads/122a7d27ca1d7420a1072f695d9290fad4501a41.jpg  
starter_files/static/uploads/2ec7cf8ae158b3b1f40065abfb33e81143707842.jpg  
starter_files/static/uploads/505083b8b56c97429a728b68f31b0b2a089e5113.jpg  
starter_files/static/uploads/5ecde7677b83304132cb2871516ea50032ff7a4f.jpg  
starter_files/static/uploads/73ab33bd357c3fd42292487b825880958c595655.jpg  
starter_files/static/uploads/9887e06812ef434d291e4936417d125cd594b38a.jpg  
starter_files/static/uploads/ad7790405c539894d25ab8dcf0b79eed3341e109.jpg  
starter_files/static/uploads/e1a7c5c32973862ee15173b0259e3efdb6a391af.jpg  
starter_files/tests/test_followers.py  
starter_files/tests/test_following.py  
starter_files/tests/test_generated_html.py  
starter_files/tests/test_handcoded_html.py  
starter_files/tests/test_handcoded_index.py  
starter_files/tests/test_handcoded_user.py  
starter_files/tests/test_hello.py  
starter_files/tests/test_hello_css.py  
starter_files/tests/test_index.py  
starter_files/tests/test_python_style.py  
starter_files/tests/util.py  
solution/.gitignore  
solution/bin/insta485run  
solution/bin/insta485test  
solution/html/index.html  
solution/html/css/style.css  
solution/html/images/logo.png  
solution/html/u/awdeorio/index.html  
solution/insta485/config.json  
solution/insta485/static/css/style.css  
solution/insta485/templates/base.html  
solution/insta485/templates/explore.html  
solution/insta485/templates/followers.html  
solution/insta485/templates/following.html  
solution/insta485/templates/index.html  
solution/insta485/templates/post.html  
solution/insta485/templates/user.html  
solution/insta485generator/__init__.py  
solution/insta485generator/__main__.py  
  
**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**  
  
The material that should be taken down is the entire repository, located at:  
https://github.com/Cerburrel/insta485-p1  
  
**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
  
Yes, it appears that this repository was not forked.  
  
**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
  
This work is not open source work and not released under any open source license.  
  
**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**  
  
The solution is complete removal of this repository.  
  
**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**  
  
Github username: Cerburrel  
  
**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**  
  
**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**  
  
**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**  
  
**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**  
  
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**  
  
[private]  
  
Tel: [private]  
  
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**  
  
[private]  
