**Name**  
[private]

 

**Email**  
[private]

 

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf.

 

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**  
I am outside counsel for T-Mobile USA, Inc., the owner of the copyrighted material.

 

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
The original copyrighted works are private internal T-Mobile USA, Inc. projects. This claim is based on internal T-Mobile database and troubleshooting tools, used only by T-Mobile employees and contractors. They are purely used inside the company, so we cannot point to anything external as "the work," like a link. 


In case the concern is whether the recipients have sufficient details to understand what the concern is, that shouldn't be an issue. This code is not available externally, and it is almost universally the case that the person posting the repository is a former contractor who saved code externally to a repository when they weren't supposed to do so.

 

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**  
Repositories in question:

https://github.com/accolite/tmo_microservice

 

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
I am not aware of any forks.

 

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
No

 

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**  
Removal; this material is not supposed to be public or available outside T-Mobile in any way.

 

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**  
No

 

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.



I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.



I have taken fair use into consideration.

 

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice.

 

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**  

 

[private]

 

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**  

 

/[private]/

 

Best,


[private]  
[private]  
Schneller IP, PLLC  
[private]
