**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

The company is the owner. I am [private].

I am taking action as instructed by [private].

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

We are currently in stealth during our development phase. A contractor was hired through [private] to do some frontend development work and we gave him access to our copyright frontend source code. He was terminated from [private] after breach of their policies and we determined as a result of our own investigations that he had undertaken certain criminal activity. Despite repeated attempts to pay him legally for work he had done (all of which have been documented) he insisted that fraudulent payment methods be utilized which we refused to do. As a consequence, he threatened to release our source code to the public. We have submit 3 takedown notices in which all were already removed by GitHub. We are now finding proof he has released the code on 1 additional GitHub Repository.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

All files are copyright and need to be removed.

https://github.com/pioneertrack/nam-mu

In addition, since our company is in stealth, we consider the company name to be private and would request that all references to it on the github site, its repository url, and the details of the company in the published complaint be redacted.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

We weren’t able to locate any additional forks.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

NO

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Remove all code.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

NO

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
[private]  
[private]

[private]  
[private]  
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
