**Name**      
[private]  
**Email**    
[private]  
**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**    
Yes, I am authorized to act on the copy write owners behalf.  
**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf**     
I, [private], [private] to [private], am authorized to act and submit this claim on [private] behalf.    
**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**    
It has come to [private], attention that a pdf copy of [private] book, Life 3.0, Being Human in the Age of Artificial Intelligence (herein "Life 3.0") was illegally posted by GitHub sbaiidrissiyoussefuser. [private] is the author and holder of the copy write for Life 3.0. As such [private] is protected under the Copyright Act of 1979, which under such law prohibits unauthorized use of reproduction/distribute and the display of copy written material.  Life 3.0, Being Human in the Age of Artificial Intelligence. https://github.com/sbaiidrissiyoussef/Books/blob/master/Max%20Tegmark%20-%20Life%203.0%20Being%20human%20in%20the%20age%20of%20artificial%20intelligence.pdf  
**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**    
https://github.com/sbaiidrissiyoussef/Books/blob/master/Max%20Tegmark%20-%20Life%203.0%20Being%20human%20in%20the%20age%20of%20artificial%20intelligence.pdf  
**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**    
N/A  
**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**    
N/A  
**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**    
Immediate take down/No  
**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**    
GitHub user: sbaiidrissiyoussefuser  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  
I have taken fair use into consideration.  
I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice.  
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**    
[private]  
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**    
[private]  
  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
