[private]  
[private]  
Motorsport Network
[private]  
[private]  
Phone: [private]  
Email: [private]  

Date: October 8, 2019

To: [private]  
Re: DMCA Content Removal Request

To [private],

My name is [private] and I represent MyEv.com. Our website carries a copyright notification on all the pages in the footer. The full repository linked below, that is posted on your website, github.com, is taken directly from MyEv.com and copied onto your website without permission. Pursuant to Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA), this is a formal request to remove web content from your servers that infringes on our copyright.

Identification of Infringed Material

The copyrighted content listed below consists of pictures, text, code, graphics, and/or video taken from our website. We have kept on file printed copies of the pages listed below as well as other instances of copyright infringement that we found throughout your website. The links below contain the most flagrant examples of copyright theft and is by no means a complete list of the alleged violations found on your website. Please note that making a few simple changes to the headings, text and design, or translating the content into another language will not be enough to mitigate DMCA proceedings. You, as the owner, are responsible for removing all infringing content. All copyright-protected content must be removed, even if this means complete removal of the website from your system.

Copyright Claim:

URL of our Page:

www.myev.com

URL of Infringing Page:

https://github.com/EreenWassef/Electrified-Eg

You should also be aware that if you consider that the website is beyond the jurisdiction of the DMCA regulations, then we will send similar DMCA content removal requests to your hosting company, MarkMonitor Inc., and then to the top three search engines, i.e., Google, Yahoo, and MSN. These search engines are USA-based and as such, must comply with all legitimate content removal requests pursuant to DMCA. As I am sure you are aware, this will have a detrimental effect on the number of visitors to your website. Should you choose not to comply with this request, we will have no choice but to engage local counsel in United States of America in order to protect and enforce our copyright pursuant to local law and seek monetary damages.

Good Faith Belief: I have a good faith belief that the use of the material is not authorized by the intellectual property owner, its agent, or the law, i.e., it is not fair use.

Authority to Act: I represent that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that I am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

512(f) Acknowledgement: As applicable under 17 U.S.C 512(f), I acknowledge that I may be subject to liability for damages if I knowingly materially misrepresent that material or activity is infringing.

We keep detailed records of all DMCA content removal requests. Govern yourself accordingly.

Regards,  
[private]
