**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

My name is [private], [private] at Paladium-PVP, a video game company. The source code of a part of our anticheat, private and not open-source, has been published publicly by an organization that contains several members. These members are trying to exploit vulnerabilities and bypasses to our security measures.

The whole code has been stolen and is not intended for the public. All the code in the repository is [private] intellectual property, having developed the anticheat module [private].

It’s the second time this user posted the source code, after the first repository was taken down. [private] has already been warned for illegal actions but several complaints have been filed against him by our company. We filed a legal complaint for intellectual property infringement.

The code contained in this unauthorized repository is contained in part in our next repository, which has been around for several months: [private]

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The copyrighted content that has been published without our permission is source code written in Java. This source code is a part of our anticheat. It has never been open source and there is no license that allows distribution, modification or appropriation of the source code [private] developed. All the repository violates the regulations in force with regard to intellectual property: https://github.com/Y4nN0xX/Argus-anticheat-for-minecraft-1.7.10-by-Yannoxware

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/Y4nN0xX/Argus-anticheat-for-minecraft-1.7.10-by-Yannoxware (The entire repository)

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

No fork at this date

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

Github account owner’s name is [private]

We already tried to contact this individual but he refuses to cooperate. Legal complaints are being filled.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Number phone: [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
