**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I created a Repository called [private] in [private], This Repository contains sensitive information (such as company name and other company private technology) about my company kedacom(www.kedacom.com). This information cann’t be broadcasted. So I delete my Repository recently.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

before I delete, the user named emvuys forked my Repository , it still exists.The following is Github’s URL and Screenshots about my forked Repository:  
https://github.com/emvuys/FIDO_U2F_KEDACOM

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

Since FIDO_U2F_KEDACOM contains my company’s important source code and other private information. So I hope Github as soon as possible to help me completely remove emvuys/FIDO_U2F_KEDACOM and thank you very much! The URL is https://github.com/emvuys/FIDO_U2F_KEDACOM

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

And I also find a problem.When I search "FIDO_U2F_KEDACOM" in github , it just return only one result. When the result repository was removed, I also can find another forked "FIDO_U2F_KEDACOM" repository. So I hope github can find all forked "FIDO_U2F_KEDACOM" repositories and takedown them.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

l My name: [private]  
l Company name: kedacom Inc    
l My email address: [private] ([private])  
l Cellphone: [private]  
l Company address: [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
