Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

I am the [private] of the company ([private]) and am authorized to act on behalf of the company in situations related to copyright.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

As part of our candidate interview process we provide candidates with copyrighted code samples which we ask them to correct and improve. These are not publicly available and are part of our proprietary interview process. We highlight several times in our challenge documentation that the code provided is copyrighted by Echobox and candidates have no rights to publicly share these.

We contacted the author of this work on [private] and then again on [private] and have not had an response. In the past this has normally been sufficient to get copyrighted work removed.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/deepakab03/study-related/blob/9499690b8142c975865cb3dec2a64c23a0069470/ebx/src/main/java/com/deepak/tk/ebx/EbxUrlModifier.java  
https://github.com/deepakab03/study-related/blob/9499690b8142c975865cb3dec2a64c23a0069470/ebx/src/test/java/com/deepak/tk/ebx/EbxUrlModifierTest.java

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

It does not appear any forks exist.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Other Change

**Describe the change.**

As we had already emailed the candidate in [private] we are happy for them to keep their code modifications, based on fair usage, but we would require that they remove or significantly rename all references to the following terms/variables/acronyms to ensure other future candidates cannot find this work:

1. 'Ebx'  
2. 'EbxUrlModifier'  
3. 'updateUrlForSharing'  
4. 'utm_campaign=Ebx'

If these modifications are not possible we would please ask that the infringing files to be deleted all together.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

github - [private]
email - [private]
[private] - [private]

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private] ([private])

Echobox Ltd, [private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
