**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

The AssurantBilling, herein simply referred to as SOFTWARE, is the exclusive property of ASSURANT INC, custom-developed in partnership with Delphos S/A, a provider of technological solutions, as an integral part of its ACSELX ERP, for Credit card insurance collection management, chargeback, and payment reconciliation.  
The software, developed by Delphos S/A, on 03/02/2015, through a service agreement (attached file), has all rights reserved, including intellectual property, according to [private] laws and is part of the agreement Assurant's technology and therefore strictly prohibited from distributing, copying, reproducing or sharing with entities outside the conglomerate of Assurant and its affiliates.  
The SOFTWARE is still being used. Assurant has invested almost USD 300,000 and continues to invest in constantly improving technological updating, new features, and improvements.  
Assurant Inc. is a global company, headquartered in [private] and operates in 21 countries across [private], [private], [private] and [private], which reputation is based on the commitment to honesty and integrity, and upholds the highest legal and ethical standards. This unflinching commitment to ethics and integrity is embedded in our commitment to our clients, shareholders, and investors.  
This source code “leak” has been considered an important incident internally and is being tracked very closely by our [private], p[rivate] and [private] teams. We urge to have this content removed from Github as soon as possible

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

All content in the URL below is an improper copy and infringes copyright.

Assurant Link: http://dbs.assurant.com/dbsportal/

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

Link: https://github.com/cyborgmg/assurantBilling

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes. There is no other fork

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

Name: [private]    
E-mail:[private]   
Cell: [private]   

DELPHOS TECNOLOGIA E SOFTWARE LTDA  
Contact: [private]   
E-mail: [private]   
Cell: [private]   

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Name: [private]  
Email: [private]  
Tel: [private]  
Address: [private]  
Zip: [private]  

Name: [private]  
Email: [private]  
Tel: [private]  
Address: [private]  
Zip:  [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
