**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?** 

I am authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf. [private] of the UCLA Statistics department.



**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.** 

This code for my UCLA 102a class was scrapped off my own repository. I took the class back in 2017, but kept the code on my github to help in job search. I have since made private or taken down all my UCLA homework after receiving the request from my professor a few months ago. However, he recently sent me the following link, and I do not have access to delete my code off of user anhnguyendepocen's page. Here is the link to my code that he/she took: https://github.com/anhnguyendepocen/Statistics-102a



FYI -- Here is code from another 102a class he/she scrapped: [private] 

(He/she seems to often take code from other people's repositories, but this is not my own homework code).



**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:** 

This entire repository: https://github.com/anhnguyendepocen/Statistics-102a



**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.** 

There are no forks of the repo.



**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?** 

It is not open source, it belongs to my professor, who wrote the homework code and does not want it shared since his students are using these solutions to cheat on their own homework. The repository was forked before I was told by my professor to take the code down or make the code private.



**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?** 

The best solution is for them to take it down, since they code was not written by them nor belongs to them.



**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:** 

They did not list any contact information. I only have their username anhnguyendepocen. I reached out to [private] who is also in Economics from [private] ([private]), but they claimed the github was not theirs. I couldn't find anyone else who fit the github description.



**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."** 

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.



**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."** 

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.



**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/** 

Yes, I have read this.



**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:** 

[private]  


**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:** 

[private]  
