**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**   
Yes.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**   
https://github.com/geeteshk/Hyper

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**   
https://github.com/TanzenT/WIDE/

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**   
It has no further infringing forks.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**   
It is licensed with Apache 2.0. It is being violated since he removed the notice from all my files and proceeded to upload it to the Play Store after license removal. 

ADDITION: The following commits show that he has removed the notices from each file deliberately.

https://github.com/TanzenT/WIDE/commit/adf002d61bf13810b4bab8e57cf9f7cb4fbc253a

https://github.com/TanzenT/WIDE/commit/c458b8c25ad52b656bd9eb22ae254a0e9df645fc

Those same files can be found on my repository with the notice still intact. 

Also he has failed to state his changes in the code which is a violation of Apache. He has uploaded his application to the Play Store with other changes which are not properly stated in his repository.

In order to fix this the user should add the notices back to all the files he removed them from and also state every change he made in his commits.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**   
The repository should be removed. He blatantly attempted to steal my work and has done so.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
[private]  

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**   
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**   
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**   
Yes

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**   
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
[private]  
