
To Whom It May Concern:

I represent WHMCS Ltd. ("WHMCompleteSolution"), which owns the copyrights to WHMCS, ("Software"). It has come to our attention that a website your Company hosts ("Site") contains links to material that infringes WHMCS copyright in the software. This correspondence is a formal takedown notice being sent to you pursuant to Sections 512(c)(3) and 512(d)(3) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (17 U.S.C. 512(c) (3) and 512(d)(3)

https://github.com/catding/WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded/network/members IP: [private]

The details are as follows:

Infringing materials hosted on and/or linked to from the Site. The Site hosts and/or contains one or more links to WHMCS, which contains WHMCS copyrighted Software. We have directly verified by downloading the file and verifying in our database that the above mentioned site does not have an active license and/or authority to use or distribute our software in the manner that it is currently being done.

The same constitutes an infringement of the WHMCS copyright in the Software.

catding / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
absiddiqueLive absiddiqueLive / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
AkaFeng AkaFeng / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
AlphaBrock AlphaBrock / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
Anasxrt Anasxrt / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
bombun bombun / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
burpcute burpcute / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
chennqqi chennqqi / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
cloudcache cloudcache / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
pcmehrdad pcmehrdad / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
cnucky cnucky / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
Colorstarss Colorstarss / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
debiansid debiansid / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
dreammes dreammes / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
favourch favourch / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
fuck2ky fuck2ky / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
fyhqycom fyhqycom / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
gnscteamcom gnscteamcom / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
guonning guonning / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
HarukaFuture HarukaFuture / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
holokeholoke453 holokeholoke453 / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
iii80 iii80 / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
inxk5839 inxk5839 / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
ishaoguan ishaoguan / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
itrxe itrxe / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
kiss4437 kiss4437 / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
kochiyasanae1 kochiyasanae1 / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
kougui kougui / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
La2yCat La2yCat / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
lafant lafant / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
logical-and logical-and / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
m0zart89 m0zart89 / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
mean-cj mean-cj / WHMCS-7.4.1-test  
MrQuiet MrQuiet / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
myqmdx myqmdx / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
oneman-idc oneman-idc / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
onesez onesez / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
pejonic pejonic / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
ramstram ramstram / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded-1  
piyushkbagri piyushkbagri / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded-1  
rookiesky rookiesky / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
runestraus runestraus / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
ryandanielt ryandanielt / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
safly safly / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
ScriptElite ScriptElite / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
sddwt sddwt / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
SharpeSir SharpeSir / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
shenzt68 shenzt68 / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
strumica strumica / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
taoquan00001 taoquan00001 / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
tianji1993 tianji1993 / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
TrollCraft-CN-HK TrollCraft-CN-HK / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
Tamshen Tamshen / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
YuyuYuna YuyuYuna / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
uiue uiue / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
vpsbb vpsbb / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
wesavetheworld wesavetheworld / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
winbotscript winbotscript / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
wlhost wlhost / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
wxlost wxlost / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
xandy5004 xandy5004 / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
xiyoufang xiyoufang / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
xkwy521 xkwy521 / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
xoceunder xoceunder / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
YaStack YaStack / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
ycmsp ycmsp / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
zrj766 zrj766 / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  
zyl6698 zyl6698 / WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded  

I request that you immediately remove or cause to be removed from the Site or any other site owned, operated or under the control of the above mentioned Site., all access to and/or links to the Software. Failure to do so may subject your Company to legal liability.

Please confirm to the undersigned that you have timely complied with this request. You may reach me by email at [private] should you require any additional information to timely comply with this request. WHMCS Ltd., reserves all further rights and remedies with respect to this matter.

I hereby confirm that I have a good faith belief that use of the Software in the manner described in this letter is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law, and that,
under penalty of perjury, I am authorized to act on behalf of WHMCS Ltd., the owner of the exclusive rights in the Software that are allegedly infringed.

I also swear, under penalty of perjury, that I have a good faith belief, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on
behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Thank you for your assistance in this matter,

(E-signature Image Attached)

Regards,  
[private]

E-Mail - [private]  
Web - www.whmcs.com

WHMCS, Ltd.  
Woodside House, 4 Broadway Avenue, Giffard Park, Milton Keynes, MK14 5QF, United Kingdom
