I am [private] for Docker, Inc.

There is a posting of our proprietary training materials being hosted on your site. The content consists of detailed slides showing Docker proprietary structure, links to detailed confidential information, and related information that is made available only to our customers as part of paid training services. Docker holds the copyright to all of the content on the repository and it must be taken down.

The information can be found at https://github.com/skalavala/smarthome/blob/master/docker/docker-for-enterprise-operations.pdf

The entire repository consists only of Docker information and needs to be removed in its entirety - note again, Docker holds the copyright to all of the content in the repository so the repository must be taken down. We do not have the infringer's contact information and the content is not licensed under any Open Source model.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

I confirm that have I have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/. Please feel free to contact me at [private] or [private] if you need additional information.

[private]

