**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?** 

I am the copyright owner of the [private]. The url is [private]  



**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.** 

I created a repository called [private] in Github in 2018-12-04, It contains the important source code,algorithm and system configuration information, which are all owned by the me. The URL is [private]. And now I have removed the repository in my github



**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:** 

I need the entire repository to be deleted, the url is https://github.com/kmustriver/ynpms_server



**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.** 

I have searched for the forks of the allegedly infringing repositories. The fork kmustriver/ynpms_server should be deleted. Its URL is https://github.com/kmustriver/ynpms_server



**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?** 

The work is all coded by me and not under an an open source license. I don't want the work open.



**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?** 

I hope to delete the entire fork kmustriver/ynpms_server. Its URL is 

https://github.com/kmustriver/ynpms_server



**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:** 

Sorry, I don't have the alleged infringer’s contact information.



**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."** 

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.



**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."** 

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.



**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/** 

Yes I have read the Guide.



**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:** 

My telephone number is [private]  

My email is [private]  



**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:** 

[private]  
