Hello,

This is an official message from Easy Solutions, on behalf of our client Activision Blizzard, Inc.

We have identified that a website hosted on your servers is performing acts of infringement of copyrighted material of our client, Activision Blizzard, Inc.

We request your cooperation in removing files which are fragments of code to modified the interface and original functions over the game. There are 254 files that are infringing of copyrighted material of the game “World of Warcraft”(the copyrighted material) also known as “WoW" In the URL bellow you can find all files that should be taken down:

Infringement URL: https://github.com/wowgame/addons-335a-collection The only authorized service for the game is run by the copyright holder (Activision Blizzard, Inc.) at Battle.net. Your customer's service for the copyrighted game "World of WarCraft" competes with and diminishes the potential market of the copyright holder's own service.

Your customer does not have our client’s (the copyrights owner) consent to be running this service for the game. Copyright law protects the
entirety of the computer code that creates the game and no one can legally use it without the permission of the copyright owner. Our client has not designated this game as open source nor licensed it to the general public to use it and make changes to the original code.

Furthermore, any open source software emulator for the server will still require the use of Blizzard game assets in order to run a World of WarCraft server. Activision BLizzard has licenses not open source, so which is why the URL is infringing files and the game. I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

I. We fill in this copyright claim in accordance with the Berne Convention, the WIPO Copyright treaty, and the trade related aspects of intellectual property rights (TRIPS) of the World Trade Organization and the following considerations:

The material used by the websites hosted on your servers infringes the moral and patrimonial rights of the Copyright’s owner, described on the point II., below. All authors and owners of copyrighted material shall be protected by all the contracting parties of the Berne Convention, the WIPO Copyright Treaty and the World Trade Organization.

The country where the hosting is located has signed the Berne Convention and/or the WIPO Copyright Treaty and/or is a party of the World Trade Organization. The copyrighted material has been dully registered before the United States Copyright Office. The infringement and unauthorized use of the copyright material leads to economic liability, in order to repair all the economic damages caused to the copyrighted owner.

II. Below you find the information needed to perform this copyright claim.

An electronic signature of the Copyright’s Owner, or a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive copyright that has allegedly been infringed. (See Blizzard Authorization attachment)
[private] | [private]  

Main: [private]  

[private] | www.easysol.net  

The Copyrighted material infringed is located at the following URL(s):

Legitimate site for the game: http://us.blizzard.com/en-us/games/wow/

Legitimate site for the service:

https://us.battle.net/login/en/index?ref=http://us.battle.net/wow/en/&app=com-wow

Blizzard copyright notices:

http://us.blizzard.com/en-us/company/about/copyrightnotices.html

You can contact us through:

Email Address: [private]  

Physical Address:  

8550 NW 33 Street, Suite 101, Doral, FL 33122, United States  

Latin America: K 13 A 98 21 OF 401, Bogotá, Colombia  

Phone numbers:

USA: Tel/Fax. [private]  

Colombia: Tel. [private] / Fax [private]  

We state and declare, that we have a good faith belief that the use of the copyrighted material in the manner described in this cease and desist letter is not authorized by the Copyright’s Owner, its agent, or the law.

We state and declare that the information contained in this cease and desist letter is accurate and under the penalty of perjury, we state and declare that Activision Blizzard, Inc. is the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Thank you for your cooperation.
