We, iDoser.com, are the copyright owner and are authorized to act on
copyright owner's behalf.

It is the entire repository that is infringing located at url that have
now been provided 4 times.

To be clear, it contains all .drg files that are copyright iDoser.com at
location. These are audio files created, owned and sold by iDoser.com
for play in our copyright software:

https://github.com/brainbang/sbagen_idoser/tree/master/drg

There are hundreds of our .drg files in this folder, so we will not be
compiling links to each individual because it is all of them.

An additional directory contains our content (the same), just converted
to another format and also infringing:
https://github.com/brainbang/sbagen_idoser/tree/master/sbg

Again, hundreds of files.

and those two folders are the full content of the repository here:
https://github.com/brainbang/sbagen_idoser

The .drg files contained in release and all the converted copies of them
are not open source, and are pay-for files being sold by iDoser.com.
This are being illegally distributed.

All files must be removed, including all . drg files owned by idoser and
their associated converted files, associated descriptions and code owned
by iDoser.com

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials
described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the
copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into
consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed.

We have read the Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice:
https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

iDoser.com  
[private]  

[private],  
[private]. iDoser.com  
