**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

I am the duly authorised representative of the IMC group of companies (‘IMC’), the copyright owner of certain materials posted on your website (as further described below).

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The original copyrighted works consist of a coding test administered by IMC to applicants who apply for a job with IMC. These materials are not published online.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**

The infringing materials consist of certain materials posted by user ‘bvahdat’ under the posting ‘imc-test’ at the following URL: https://github.com/bvahdat/imc-test. More particularly, the infringing materials consist of:
-	The pdf document entitled ‘imc-coding-assignment.pdf’ at URL: https://github.com/bvahdat/imc-test/blob/master/imc-coding-assignment.pdf

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

We are not aware of any forks.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

I request that the pdf document is removed from your site. There are no changes (other than removal) that could be made to remedy this infringement.

In addition, in light of confidentiality obligations that the user agreed to with IMC, I request that the user also consider removing all of the files contained in the folders ‘test1’, ‘test2’ and ‘test 3’ at URL: https://github.com/bvahdat/imc-test/tree/master/src/ch/imc/assignment.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**

No

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

I confirm that I have read the Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

You can contact me on [Private] or  [Private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

 [Private]
