1.	I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.
Yes.

2.	Identify the copyrighted work you believe has been infringed.

    Original Work: I have a good faith belief that the website, https://github.com/TimmePfeife/RenameAdobeTypekitFonts offers items and contains materials that are not authorized by the IP Owner, or the law, and therefore infringes the IP Owner's rights. The reasons that the URL website must be suspended are as follows:

    a.	Offers pirated software or otherwise unauthorized item that violates the IP Owner's trademarks and copyright.

    b.	Misuses the IP Owner's brand name, trademarks and copyright.

    c. A site that posts information on how to crack, hack, or get serial numbers for Adobe's copyrighted software.

3.	Identify the material that you allege is infringing the copyrighted work listed in item #2, above.

    https://github.com/TimmePfeife/RenameAdobeTypekitFonts offers a tool to rename downloaded Adobe Typekits fonts.

4.	Explain what the affected user would need to do in order to remedy the infringement.

    The user needs to delete the 519KB RenameAdobeTypekitFonts.jar file.

5.	Provide your contact information.

    Copyright Holder's Name: Adobe Systems Incorporated  
    Name: [private]  
    Title: [private]  
    Company Name: Adobe Systems Incorporated  
    Email Address: [private]  
    Telephone Number: [private]  
    Address: 345 Park Avenue San Jose, CA US

6.	Provide contact information, if you know it, for the alleged infringer.

    URL: https://github.com/TimmePfeife/RenameAdobeTypekitFonts  
    Username: TimmePfeife

7.	Include the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."

    The reported URLs are infringing Adobe Systems Incorporated’s copyright. I have a good faith belief that the use of the material is not authorized by the intellectual property owner, its agent, or the law (e.g. it is not fair use). I represent that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that I am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. As applicable under 17 U.S.C 512(f), I acknowledge that I may be subject to liability for damages if I knowingly materially misrepresent that material or activity is infringing.

8.	Also include the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."

    The information in the notification is accurate and under penalty of perjury that the Complaining Party is the owner or is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

9.	Include your physical or electronic signature.

     [private]  
     Adobe Systems Incorporated
