**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am a duly authorized representative of CCP hf. (“CCP”)

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

CCP is a company incorporated in Iceland and the exclusive rights’ holder for the following: EVE Online is a science fiction MMORPG, found at www.eveonline.com, and CCP has registered a copyright for EVE Online on three different occasions: EVE Online (Original 2003) (TX0006843695, USCO registration number), EVE Online: Apocrypha (TX0006974244, USCO registration number) and EVE Online: Dominion (TX0007314596, USCO registration number. These works are the original, then updated versions, of the computer code for CCP’s video game, EVE Online®.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**

https://github.com/EVEModX/dec-eve-singularity

https://github.com/EVEModX/dec-eve-tranquility

https://github.com/EVEModX/dec-eve-serenity

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.** 

The entire repository of each of the above noted links is EVE source code, so each "fork" would include copyright protected material and, perhaps, derivative works which would likewise be copyright protected. If these three repositories can be taken down, however, it would be imminently helpful in curtailing the IP infringement.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

NO. 

**If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

NO, the only solution for the alleged infringement is to take it down. Making changes would simply be a modification of CCP's copyrighted work (EVE) and therefore a derivative work, likewise protected.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**

NO.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

I have read the Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice,

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

[Private]. [Private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[Private]
