Good morning:

I am [private] for Aetna, and am writing in regard to certain GitHub content that is confidential and proprietary to Aetna.

I have read and understand GitHub’s Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

The copyrighted work in question is a set of Aetna files that describe company data activities and environments, reproduced in user @ninapham’s repository “Aetna Data Science Hackathon: Encryption.”

Specifically, and for example:  
•	bs.xlsx contains Aetna proprietary database schema related to Medicare.  
•	Hackathon_logic.pptx clearly states on the slide contained that this slide is “Strictly Confidential” and property of Aetna, Data Science.

The infringement consists of the information contained at: https://github.com/ninapham/encryption, which reproduces and publicly posts Aetna information. Files located at this url are proprietary information that belongs to Aetna, and the original poster had no legal authority to share them publicly.

This information is confidential and proprietary to Aetna, was posted on GitHub without company authorization, and potentially poses a security and privacy risk to the company.

We request that the user takes down the “Aetna Data Science Hackathon: Encrpytion” respository.

Contact information for the user is via GitHub user account @ninapham.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

[/s] [private]
