Dear Sir/Madam,

I am a [private] of Buzzer Feedback Limited and the copyright owner of proprietary source code that has been made publicly available on Gitlab without consent.

The copyrighted work is the source code for a real-time survey dashboard, published online at https://dashboard.getbuzzer.com. The source code is controlled in a private Git repository, and only worked on by in-house developers and authorised freelancers who have signed an NDA and IP agreement. The software is copyright and the person who made it publicly available is in breach of contract.

The entire repository https://github.com/jianmyphy123/buzzerdashboard should be taken down. I have been unable to locate any forks but will continue to monitor for further infringement.

The work is not licensed under an open source license. The work is proprietary and should be removed from the public domain.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

I have read and understand the Github Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice.

You can contact me at [private] or mail Buzzer Feedback Limited, [private].

Yours faithfully and gratefully,

[private]
