**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, authorized to act on behalf of copyright owner, [Private]

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Effective Modern C++ (text)

our website : http://shop.oreilly.com/product/0636920033707.do

copyright filed Dec 22, 2014, document TX 8-006-027

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**

https://github.com/glennlopez/Cpp.Playground/blob/master/Effective%20Modern%20C%2B%2B.pdf

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

NO

If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

Removal only

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**

no email shown

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:** 

[Private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[Private]
