**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

As before, yes I am the owner.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Both links that will be provided are of my project, Toontown Ultimate, formerly known as Toontown Ultimate Uprising. All of it is our work. One is TTArchive's link: https://github.com/ttarchive/Toontown-Ultimate-Uprising
And another is AverageDeveloper's link: https://github.com/averagedeveloper2k/Toontown-Ultimate-Uprising-Mid-2017-Leaked-Source

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**

The entire repos should be taken down at https://github.com/averagedeveloper2k/Toontown-Ultimate-Uprising-Mid-2017-Leaked-Source
and https://github.com/ttarchive/Toontown-Ultimate-Uprising

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

AverageDeveloper's is a fork of one that I took down already (and it looks like he's gone private with it, but I already had the link so tough on him), and TTArchive does not have any forks.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

Our work will never be open source.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

The best solution would be complete removal of the repos, even if AverageDeveloper's is private. We don't want to take any chances.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**

I do not have TTArchive's, but AverageDeveloper's Discord tag is [private]

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[private]
