**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

I am the [Private] of Chachani, Misti y Pichu Pichu SRL, which owns the copyright on that material.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The original copyrighted work is a SDK (software development kit) for a closed source scripting API (application programming interface), which is used in a game-environment.

It offers complex behaviour and functionality to make scripting easier and more powerful for the users of our API.

The original projects the offending party copied from are accessible here:

https://github.com/LeagueSharp/LeagueSharp.Common  
https://github.com/LeagueSharp/LeagueSharp.SDK

Those repositories are not maintained anymore and a new version from us is accessible here: https://github.com/EnsageSharp/Ensage.SDK

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**

The repository can be found here:

https://github.com/AimTecIO/Aimtec.SDK

The offending party offers a scripting API on their own, but they do copy our original SDK for their own purposes. Some variables are renamed and some code parts removed to adapt the SDK to their engine, but it is basically a complete clone of our old repository, copying our intellectual property.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

The GitHub page currently lists three forks which we also request to be taken down:

https://github.com/Hikii/Aimtec.SDK  
https://github.com/HikigayaAss/Aimtec.SDK  
https://github.com/ExoryXD/Aimtec.SDK  

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

Our project does not have any license, meaning that we keep any rights to our property and license other entities on our own behalf. The offending project was not licensed by us and it does not specify, name or provide any license and does not credit us at all.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

We request that you completely remove the given repository and it's forks and prevent them from using our intellectual property again.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**

The initial uploader was: [private]

The SDK that they copied from us is used for their tool AimTec which is available and sold on https://aimtec.io/

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

I hereby confirm that I have read your DMCA Guide.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

Chachani, Misti y Pichu Pichu SRL  
Attn: [Private]  
[Private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[Private]
