**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
Yes, I own the LLC.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
It's a piece of internal software used by multiple of our projects for communicating with our website. It makes requests to our website for updates, downloading licensed software, etc. Most of the project was obfuscated with a custom obfuscator I wrote.

I sell my software here:
https://ennui.ninja/

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**  
https://github.com/lguilhermee/Albion-Online-Bot/tree/master/Albion/Ennui    
https://github.com/lguilhermee/Albion-Online-Bot/tree/master/Albion/EnnuiAO

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
I see no forks.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
No. The software has no license, and he has absolutely no permissions to use any of it, other than what we've uploaded to our company account publicly.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  
He blatantly decompiled, cracked, and uploaded my software without my permission. He's going to be lucky if legal action isn't taken.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
I do now.

School:
[private]  

Aliases:
[private] 

Name:
[private]  

Emails:
[private]  

Accounts:
https://github.com/lguilhermee  
[private]  

Addresses:
[private]  

[private]  

Phone number:
[private]  

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
Yes, I've read it.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**
[private]
