http://github.com/MishUIOS/bullshit

Im [private](aka MishUshakov and shorter [private]) the copyright owner of all data that was copied with the goal of treatment.

All of copied projects are available on my private Bitbucket account and most of them are open sourced on GitHub. But the folder v3 was stolen from BitBucket since I never published it anywhere and never planned to make it available on internet.

The account of this user and all repositories should be taken down, because of misrepresentation of stolen software products and its source code. The account is fake and was used to treat our works and it also describes the uploaded projects as "bullshit" which is not acceptable for us and actually isn't true.

I removed all accounts on Bitbucket to make sure that no one have even a read-only access to repos, as now it should be save.

Most of projects are licensed under MIT license and available on GitHub, that is fine. But the v3 project is not available on GitHub and was stored as private repository at BitBucket, although there was a plan for near future to publish it on GitHub under ISC License. You also can notice that the hackers removed any copyright licenses in v3 repo(actually a folder) and changed README.md, where you could see copyright text etc. I can prove it, by giving you access to bitbucket as a team member

The best thing what we can do, if this account won't be taken down, is to rename the repository and account to a acceptable name and remove v3 folder, since it is not published anywhere and was illegally stolen from bitbucket.

Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:  
Yes, he have sent me a threat messages using VK with the following account [private]
I tried to nicely ask him and his friends to stop doing that and remove the account, but they were not responding and not claiming their responsibility for this.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice  
https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/  

My mail: [private]  
Phone: [private]  
Location: [private]

Thank you very much!  

[private]
