**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
Yes.

**What work was allegedly infringed? If possible, please provide a URL:**  
https://github.com/CorvairGuru/123-Landlord

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**   https://github.com/Joseph7117/123-Landlord

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes. We only found the one fork under Joseph7117's account.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
No, this work is not open source. This is our proprietary commercial software.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  The fork, Joseph7117/123-Landlord, and any related forks of it, must be taken down immediately. Also, any copies, in part or in whole, must be destroyed.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
We searched GitHub but were unable to find contact information for the user(s) associated with the Joseph7117 GitHub profile.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  

I have read and understand the Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice located at https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  

[private]  
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  

[private]  
[private]  
Property Brands, Inc.
