To whom it may concern,

This law firm represents the International Broadcaster Coalition Against Piracy (“IBCAP”). IBCAP represents companies including ARY Digital USA, B4U U.S., Bennett, Coleman and Company Limited, Hum Network Limited, Impress Telefilm, IndiaCast US, National Communication Services, Soundview ATN, Soundview Broadcasting, Star India Private Limited, and TV Today Network (“Members”), which own or control exclusive rights under copyright to publically distribute the following channels: Aaj Tak, Aapka Colors, ARY Digital, ARY News, ATN Bangla, B4U Movies, B4U Music, Banglavision, Boishakhi, Channel-i, Dunya TV, Hum Sitaray, Hum TV, Movies OK, MTV Hindi (MTV India), NDTV 24x7, Star India Plus, and Times Now (“Protected Content”) in the United States. As such, Members own or control exclusive rights under copyright to distribute and publicly perform via broadcast or digital transmission all motion pictures and television programs on these channels in the United States.

Under the relevant DMCA notice and takedown provisions, if a takedown request is meant to cover multiple copyrighted works (as ours does) at a site, the request need only contain a "representative list" rather than identify each and every copyrighted work at issue. 17 U.S.C. § 512(c)(3)(A)(ii). Specific copyrighted programing that is infringed by virtue of the files identified below on your site includes, but is not limited to, the following:

1. Chonde Anonde – ATN Bangla Channel – Fed. Reg. # Pending 2. Onno Drishti – ATN Bangla Channel – Fed. Reg. # Pending 3. Progga Paromita – ATN Bangla Channel – Fed. Reg. # Pending 4. Tin Bhubon – ATN Bangla Channel – Fed. Reg. # Pending 5. Glamour World – NTV Bangla Channel – Fed. Reg. # Pending 6. Marks All Rounder – NTV Bangla Channel – Fed. Reg. # Pending 7. Poribar Kork Kolpona – NTV Bangla Channel – Fed. Reg. # Pending 8. Shashtho Protidin – NTV Bangla Channel – Fed. Reg. # Pending 9. Tiffin Er Fakey – NTV Bangla Channel – Fed. Reg. # Pending 10. Shamol Bangla – Banglavision Channel – Fed. Reg. # Pending 11. Oa Er Golpo – Banglavision Channel – Fed. Reg. # Pending 12. Star World – Banglavision Channel – Fed. Reg. # Pending 13. Ebong Clasher Baire – Banglavision Channel – Fed. Reg. # Pending 14. Din Protidin – Banglavision Channel – Fed. Reg. # Pending 15. Onno Drishti – Banglavision Channel – Fed. Reg. # Pending 16. Cholitechey Circus – Banglavision Channel – Fed. Reg. # Pending 17. Raat Birate – Banglavision Channel – Fed. Reg. # Pending 18. Shondorjo Kotha – Banglavision Channel – Fed. Reg. # Pending 19. Cine Bit – Banglavision Channel – Fed. Reg. # Pending 20. Diya Aur Baati Hum – Star India Plus Channel – Fed. Reg. # PA 1-908-654 21. Ek Hasina Thi – Star India Plus Channel – Fed. Reg. # PA 1-927-286 22. India Raw Star – Star India Plus Channel – Fed. Reg. # Pending 23. Mahabharat – Star India Plus Channel – Fed. Reg. # PA 1-909-534, PA 1-927-291, PA 1-927- 24. Saraswatichandra – Star India Plus Channel – Fed. Reg. # Pending 25. Tere Sheher Mein – Star India Plus Channel – Fed. Reg. # Pending 26. Tu Mera Hero – Star India Plus Channel – Fed. Reg. # Pending 27. Ye Hai Mohabbatein – Star India Plus Channel – Fed. Reg. # PA 1-927-289 28. Dare 2 Dance – Life Ok Channel – Fed. Reg. # Pending 29. Devon Ke Dev … Mahadev – Life Ok Channel – Fed. Reg. # PA 1-927-287, PA 1-927-705 30. Laut Aao Trisha – Life Ok Channel – Fed. Reg. # Pending 31. Mahakumbh: Ek Rahasaya, Ek Kahani – Life Ok Channel – Fed. Reg. # Pending 32. Mere Rang Mein Rangne Waali – Life Ok Channel – Fed. Reg. # Pending 33. Savdhaan-India Fights Back 2 – Life Ok Channel – Fed. Reg. # PA 1-908-679 34. Tumhari Paakhi – Life Ok Channel – Fed. Reg. # PA 1-927-685 35. Balika Vadhu-Kacchi Umar Ke Pakke Rishte – Colors/Aapka Colors Channel – Fed. Reg. # 36. Beintehaa – Colors/Aapka Colors Channel – Fed. Reg. # PA 1-928-023, PA 1-936-702 37. Chakravartin Ashok Samrat – Colors/Aapka Colors Channel – Fed. Reg. # Pending 38. Comedy Nights with Kapil – Colors/Aapka Colors Channel – Fed. Reg. # PA 1-936-721, PA 39. Meri Aashiqui Tum se Hi – Colors/Aapka Colors Channel – Fed. Reg. # PA 1-928-011, PA 1-
936-718, PA 1-942-511
40. Rangrasiya – Colors/Aapka Colors Channel – Fed. Reg. # PA 1-928-033 41. Sasural Simar Ka – Colors/Aapka Colors Channel – Fed. Reg. # PA 1-928-025, PA 1-936-678 42. Shastri Sisters – Colors/Aapka Colors Channel – Fed. Reg. # PA 1-928-031, PA 1-936-684, PA 1-942-514, PA 1-942-507 43. Swaragini – Fed. Reg. # Pending 44. Udaan – Colors/Aapka Colors Channel – Fed. Reg. # PA 1-936-682, PA 1-942-508 45. Uttaran – Colors/Aapka Colors Channel – Fed. Reg. # PA 1-928-029, PA 1-936-680 46. Fanaah – MTV Hindi Channel 47. Roadies – MTV Hindi Channel 48. Warrior High – MTV Hindi Channel 49. Bairi Piya – Rishtey Channel 50. Bandhan Saath Janmo Ka – Rishtey Channel 51. Bhagyavidhta – Rishtey Channel

We are writing to demand that you take immediate steps to address the extensive copyright infringement of Members’ Protected Content that is occurring by virtue of files stored on your service that grant users unauthorized access to the Protected Content via the eMedia, South-Asian Super Pack application and the Jadoo4 set-top box. The storing of these files on your service violates GitHub’s acceptable use policy and potentially subjects you to contributory infringement liability under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA). Pursuant to Github’s terms of service and the DMCA, you have a duty to investigate these claims of infringement and remove the following files from your service:

https://github.com/Rob1940/jadoo-eMedia-xml---channels_pack

https://github.com/Rob1940/jadoo-eMedia-xml---Entertainment--Channel

We previously sent you a takedown request regarding these same files and the same infringer on June 26 and you responded by disabling the files we identified. Because this request relates to the same repeat infringer and same content, we now request that you terminate this user's GitHub account so that they cannot continue to use your hosting site to flout our clients' exclusive rights. As you know, failure to adopt a policy that provides for the termination of the accounts of repeat infringers may result in your site losing its limited liability status under the DMCA. 17 U.S.C. § 512(i).

We are providing this notice based on our good faith belief that the use of television programs owned by the Members in the manner occurring via your service is not authorized by the copyright owners, their agents, or the law. The information in this notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, we are authorized to act on behalf of the Members, which own or control exclusive rights under copyright that are being infringed in the manner described herein. This letter is without prejudice to the rights and remedies of the Members, all of which are expressly reserved.

I look forward to your response.

Sincerely,

[private]  
Hagan Noll & Boyle LLC  
Two Memorial City Plaza  
820 Gessner, Suite 940  
Houston, Texas 77024  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
www.hnbllc.com  
