I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice

**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes. As the [Private] of autoway.ca I am an authorized agent with express permission to file this claim.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The public repository that is infringing is located at:

https://github.com/zack-chan/Autoway

The private repository that access was given to is located at:

[Private]

and is a direct 1:1 copy of the entire repository that access was given to for the sole purpose of working on code. A Non-Disclosure Agreement and Intellectual Property Rights Agreement was signed by the offender and I have copies of both.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**

https://github.com/zack-chan/Autoway

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

The offender only copied the "master" fork so there are no other forks that need to be taken down.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

Removal of their account, as this has been done with malicious intent. [Private] has repeatedly tried to extort money from our company in exchange for not uploading this code, and will undoubtedly re-upload it until the money is paid. I do have the emails and skype conversations where he blatantly demanded money in exchange for not uploading the code, if needed.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**

[Private]

[Private] (this email may no longer exist as [Private] is in the process of removing his account for extortion)

skypeid: [Private]

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

I have read the guide to submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

[Private]

[Private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[Private]
