**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
Yes I am

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
The work is in a private repo and consists of a complete beta enterprise system for a SASS application here:  
[private]

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**  
The entire repo: https://github.com/Etac1992/Tree-Hub

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
I have but have not found any. However this is the second one that has been posted on this users account.  
I filed a complaint for the last one which was taken down before any action on Githubs part could be taken.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
No. It is a proprietary system.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  
Remove all copies publicly and any private copies on personal machines or through any hosted services.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
[private]

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

I have read and understand to the best of my ability the DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/

Cell: [private]

[private]
