**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am a [private] employed by Vocalink limited, a company incorporated in England, which identifies as the copyright owner, and I am authorised to make this statement on behalf of Vocalink limited.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The copyrighted work has been posted here https://github.com/tomaszwojcikowski/gen_conn/blob/master/src/gen_conn.erl has been posted without consent. Vocalink asserts its copyright over this code and requests that it is removed.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**

The code contained here should be removed: https://github.com/tomaszwojcikowski/gen_conn/blob/master/src/gen_conn.erl along with any other files within the https://github.com/tomaszwojcikowski/gen_conn which provides additional functionality to such module. This includes the following:  
https://github.com/tomaszwojcikowski/gen_conn/blob/master/src/gen_conn.app.src  
https://github.com/tomaszwojcikowski/gen_conn/blob/master/src/gen_conn_mgr.erl  
https://github.com/tomaszwojcikowski/gen_conn/blob/master/src/gen_conn_mgr_queue.erl  
https://github.com/tomaszwojcikowski/gen_conn/blob/master/src/gen_conn_mgr_sup.erl  
https://github.com/tomaszwojcikowski/gen_conn/blob/master/src/gen_conn_sup.erl  
https://github.com/tomaszwojcikowski/gen_conn/blob/master/src/gen_conn_tcp.erl  

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

We have undertaken a reasonable search and are not aware of any forks at this time.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

Vocalink limited has not authorised release of this code under an open source licence.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

We do not believe that any remedy, other than removal, is appropriate.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**

We used reasonable efforts to contact the alleged infringer but had no success. We consider we no longer have any good contact information.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

I confirm that I have read the Github guide to submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice (as at 04/Sep/2017)

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

[private]  
Vocalink Limited  
1 Angel Lane  
London  
EC4R 3AB

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[private]
