**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
Response: Yes. My name is [private] and I am a [private] for EverBank Financial Corp.

**What work was allegedly infringed? If possible, please provide a URL:**  

Response: Infringing party posted source code that is EverBank intellectual property:  
https://github.com/mbharber73/EverBankMobile

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**  

Response: The entire repository contains source code that is EverBank’s intellectual property and should be taken down.  
https://github.com/mbharber73/EverBankMobile

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Response: Yes. I was unable to locate any forks for the infringing files or repositories.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

Response: No. This source code is EverBank Intellectual Property.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

Response: Removal is the only option as this code is EverBank intellectual property. This code was taken by a former employee of EverBank who did not have permission to post it to this website.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**

Response: We have been unable to locate the infringing party’s contact information.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

Response: I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

Response: I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

Response: I confirm that I have read the DMCA Takedown Notice.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

[private]  
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

Thank you for your attention to this matter.

[private]
