**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes. We [redacted] Inc. Ltd as an intermediary company ordered the developing of this project (workname [redacted]) at two software developing teams in Moskow, Russia ([redacted] and [redacted]). This project is in developing for our end-customer, the Europe based company [redacted] GmbH, Germany.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**
The project can be found at [redacted] and is currently in final phase of development. However it's already indicate the owner here: [redacted]

Furthermore we, in the name of the end-customer, require to remove any reference to the final customer, [redacted] GmbH, Germany.

[private] (Github alias: sashaaro) did not work for us or for [redacted] GmbH directly. However, he worked on this project on behalf of a third party (one of Moskow based team) as freelancer and for sure had access to the source code. But he does not have any copyrights on this project.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**
This complete repository to be shut down: https://github.com/sashaaro/skyflow

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**
No, but should any forks appear later, we will claim it too for turn down.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**
The project was NOT published under open source license or any other free licenses! It was not published at all. This published repository includes the whole project source code. The copyright owner are we, [redacted] Inc. Ltd and no rights where transferred to [private]

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**
No, because the whole project was “stolen” and publicized on github. “Stolen” is in brackets as [private] certainly worked on this project on behalf of a third party.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**
Name: [private]
Email: [private]
Phone: [private]

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**
Yes, I have read this Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**
[redacted] Inc. Limited [redacted]

Tel: [private]
Fax: [private]
Email: [private]

We prefer to be contacted by email. Thank you!

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**
[private]
