__Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?__

Yes, fully.

__What work was allegedly infringed? If possible, please provide a URL:__

Desygner (https://desygner.com) is a free graphic design software with hundreds of ready-made beautiful templates which can easily be tweaked, shared and printed in minutes.

A few months ago, there was a vulnerability in our system that allowed unauthorized access to our code from our servers. The vulnerability has since been patched, so we suspect that the code was stolen prior to the deployment of the patch.

The code that was stolen powers our design editor, Even the names of some files, variables and functions that are unique to us and were named after our products (Desygner, Inkive etc.) were not changed.

Please note that our repositories are private and not on GitHub, but for the sake of investigation, they can be opened for you, provided a non-disclosure agreement is signed.

__What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:__

https://github.com/winiceo/kevioapp/tree/f1ef1e10c4a6f2b68a1b7a5ea284796206e319ac/app/photo/public/assets

__Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.__

No

__Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?__

No open source license.

__What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?__

No, else we will have to undertake immediate legal action

__Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:__

No, just email: [Private]

__Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."__

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

__Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."__

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

__Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/__

Yes

__So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:__

[Private]

__Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:__

[Private] Delgeo Software Solutions
