**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

I am authorized to act on behalf of Zygor Guides LLC.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

User Ghostx1's both repositories (WoW- and ESO-ZygorGuides) simply contain our commercial product in zipped form.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**

https://github.com/Ghostx1/WoW-ZygorGuides/commits/master

https://github.com/Ghostx1/ESO-ZygorGuides/commits/master

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

None so far.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

Our product contains both original files not licensed for open source use, and a few third-party libraries using open source licences. This infringement claim only concerns our original files.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

They may keep the open source libraries, if they wish. All other project files need to be taken down.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**

https://github.com/Ghostx1

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

Yes I did.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

[Private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[Private]
