**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes my company owns ALL the content in the two repositories that were fraudulently stolen from my company by user rudjdev and has used GitHub to share these repositories publicly in order to cause my company grave harm.

The repositories in question are:  
https://github.com/rudjdev/Clover-Backend

https://github.com/rudjdev/Clover-iOS

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

All the content in the two repositories are 100% owned by my company SCF Ventures and contain over 6000 hours of proprietary sensitive and highly confidential data. User rudjdev knowingly distributed this content on this platform cause my company grave harm after he was fired from the firm. User rudjdev signed an NDA with my firm and is in strict violation of his employment agreement with my firm and we are taking legal action against him.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**

The two repositories below should be taken down.

https://github.com/rudjdev/Clover-Backend

https://github.com/rudjdev/Clover-iOS

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

This is not an open source code - The entire repository is confidential and copyrighted.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

User rudjdev should be banned because he has knowingly violated this platform's user agreement by knowingly using the platform to distribute extremely sensitive, confidential, proprietary, and copyrighted materials in order to cause my company grave harm and damage. His text messages (see attached screenshot) show that he did this with willful intent to cause my company harm.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**

The user's GitHub username is rudjdev

his email address is [private]

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

My email address is [private]  
phone number is [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[private]
