**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

I am the copyright holder

**What work was allegedly infringed? If possible, please provide a URL:**

The code and data files in the repo

https://github.com/bucksworth/cs170

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**

The entire repo contains files that are subject to copyright owned by me. Specifically

in https://github.com/bucksworth/cs170/tree/master/lab2

the following files (in their entirety) are mine and were supplied by me for the student to use, but not to post publicaly.

cat.c
cat80.c
cpu.c
dllist.h
evil_test.c
halt.c
good_test.c
simulator_lab1.h
simulator_lab2.h

in the file

kos.c

the following line were supplied by me (all line numbers inclusive)

lines 7-14
lines 53-63
line 101
line 106
line 147
line 155

In the directory

https://github.com/bucksworth/cs170/tree/master/lab3

the following files were supplied by me (in their entirety)

Makefile.xcomp
dllist.h
simulator.h
simulator_lab1.h
simulator_lab2.h

in the following files, the lines (inclusive) were supplied by me

lines 11 - 32
lines 35-44
lines 59-152

in the file kos.c

lines 7-14

in memory.c

lines 1-14
lines 99-100
lines 114-155

in the directory

https://github.com/bucksworth/cs170/tree/master/lab4

the following files were supplied by me

Makefile.xcomp
pipe_test.c
simulator.h
simulator_lab1.h
simulator_lab2.h

in the following files, the lines indicated were supplied by me

in exception.c

lines 1-30
lines 59-69
lines 82-187

in the file kos.c

lines 7-13
lines 16-29

in memory.c

lines 176-178
lines 191-232
lines 299-300

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

I have. Usually contacting students who post their solutions (which include code that I provide) take them down voluntarily. I have tried to contact this student to no avail. Other students have been responsive.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

The code is not licensed under an open source license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

Either the affected files in the repo need to be made private or the repo needs to be removed. The student agreed not to share this code when taking the class.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**

I do not. I've left a message as an issue and asked github to contact the email associated with the repo. I d not have contact information for the repo owner.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

I have read the notice.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

[private]  
University of California, Santa Barbara  
Santa Barbara, CA 93106  
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[private]
