**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act by McArthur Law Firm, intellectual property counsel of Big Duck Games, LLC.

**What work was allegedly infringed? If possible, please provide a URL:**

Big Duck Games, LLC copyrighted work can be found at:  
https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/flowfree/id526641427?mt=8

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**  

https://github.com/tillinger/FlowFree  
https://github.com/C475L4V3/FlowFree  
https://github.com/FabreCastell/FlowFree  

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, I believe I have.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

Big Duck Games, LLC copyrighted work is not licensed under open source.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

These projects are clones of the copyrighted material and disabling or removal of access is required.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**

I do not. The profiles are blank and appear inactive.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

I can be contacted at:

[private] or at [private]. My supervising attorney can be reached at:

[private]   
Telephone Number: [private]  
Email Address: [private]  
Postal Address:  
The McArthur Law Practice  
1129 19th St.  
Suite C  
Santa Monica, CA 90403  

Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:

Signed,  
[private]
