**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
The copyright owner is Fujian LANDI Commercial Equipment Co., Ltd (referred to as LANDI). I am authorized to act on behalf of owner.  
  
**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
These copyright work are created and developed by Fujian LANDI Commercial Equipment Co., Ltd (referred to as “LANDI”). It’s used for the application software which running on EFT-POS products of E5X0 serials of LANDI. All copyrights are reserved by LANDI. This copyright work is developed for LANDI’s bank clients. These copyright works are critical essential for e-payment safe.  
http://web.landicorp.com/  
  
http://web.landicorp.com/en/hardware_c_21.html  
  
**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**  
https://github.com/webapproot/pos  
  
**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
Yes, we have.  
  
**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
No, it’s developed by Fujian LANDI Commercial Equipment Co., Ltd solely. No.  
  
**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  
The best solution is to remove all alleged files. No.  
  
**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
  
**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.  
  
**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  
  
**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
Yes, we have.  
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
[private]   
[private]  
[private]  
  
Fujian LANDI Commercial Equipment Co., Ltd.  
Building 23, 1st Section, Software Park, No 89 Software Road, GulouDistrict,Fuzhou, Fujian, P.R.China.  
350003  
  
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
[private]  
