I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.  

Identify the copyrighted work you believe has been infringed:
https://github.com/zUnixBR/All-Mineplex-2015  

Explain what the affected user would need to do in order to remedy the
infringement: Please remove entire page exposing our source code.  

Full Name and Signature: [private]

Contact Information:  
Mineplex, LLC  
6540 Alliance Drive  
STE 110  
Rockwall, TX 75032  
Phone: [private]  
Email: [private]  
www.mineplex.com

Provide contact information, if you know it, for the alleged infringer: We
do not know.  

Detailed Description: We are needing GitHub to please remove the link:
https://github.com/zUnixBR/All-Mineplex-2015    
This link contains unauthorized links to our closed, copyrighted and
trademarked Mineplex server source code that is being leaked. The original
source code is hosted at us.mineplex.com on our Minecraft server. You can
access if you have a copy of the Minecraft game. Please note we are also a
Microsoft Minecraft official partner and the leaking of this code presents
many liabilities and issues for us.  

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described
above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner,
or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.  

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed.  

Sincerely,  
[private]  
[private]    
Mineplex, LLC  
