Recently, individual(s) came into contact with our source code and decided to leak it to the public under the below link:

https://github.com/NostReturns/Elysium

This was not published work, but work we had been completing in the background for our personal use.

As a result, we can not verify the integrity of said source code as it could contain malicious information inside of it.

Also, you can view the thread listed here:
http://boards.4chan.org/vg/thread/169656702/elyg-elysium#p169660837

__Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?__

Yes


__What work was allegedly infringed? If possible, please provide a URL:__

https://elysium-project.org/

__What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:__

https://github.com/NostReturns/Elysium

__Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.__

This is the main repo.

__Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?__

In violation.

__What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?__

No

__Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:__

No

__Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."__

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed

__Please confirm that you have you have read o+itting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/__

I did.

__So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:__

[Private]

__Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:__

[Private]

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.
