**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
Yes  
**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
https://freedom.social    
**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**  
https://github.com/spayse/1776 and https://github.com/spayse/17762 and https://github.com/spayse/1776/branches and https://github.com/spayse/1776/commits/master  
**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
yes    
**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
[private] was a hired and under contract software developer, I can forward you the agreement. "We own the derived work", he did not finish the work and was provided Breach of Contract Notice. He agreed in writing to take down the GitHub code. I can forward this text to you and the agreement he signed.  
**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  
No. We had a signed contract with [private] to develop 1776 cryptocurrency with us, he did not complete the contract, he was served Breach of Contract - and - in writing agreed to take down his 1776 Github repositories. I can forward you all agreements and him agreeing to take down the Github code. We completed the code with another developer and we are very concerned people will download the wrong 1776 code.  
**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
[private]  
**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  
"I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."  
**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  
"I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."  
**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice:   https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice  
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
[private], [private], Freedom Currency Inc., [private]  
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
[private]  

We would ask that you take this down. We have asked him nicely and he agreed to take it down. We do not wish to take legal action, however we cannot have a developer who was fired who agreed to take down the code leaving the code up to confuse our customers on which code to download. If forced, we will take legal action. Respectfully, [private]
