I'm the copyright owner of the code written in that repository and I'm solo the only contributor in the same.

The affected repo was on my profile and I was submitting to their repo as the other repo. In the meanwhile I removed a repo because I don't want to have any connections with that company.

As they are still not removing the offending repo then this notice is addressing this repo in whole https://github.com/asseco-see/devops-test

No there are no forks of the repository, as the company in question is using an github and harvesting power of OpenSource while making the closed source software and changing license.

No original work is not licensed under any opensource license the new repos might be licensed under the AGPLv3.

The best solution would be forbidding closed source companies to use Open-source technologies, but in this case takedown of the content of the repo. Removing the repository in its entire form would be satisfying. As my access to that repository have been removed this is the way to force removal of content.

Yes the repo belongs to the company from Asseco See form [private]

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

I have read in detail
https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/

My contact information phone [private]

[private]
