**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?** Yes, we are authorized to act on Nintendo of America Inc.'s behalf.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.** Nintendo's Donkey Kong video game, covered by U.S. Copyright Reg. No. PA0000115040 (supplemented by PA0000547470). The reported repository contains a recreation of Nintendo's Donkey Kong video game for Roku, which was created and published without Nintendo's authorization.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:** https://github.com/lvcabral/Donkey-Kong-Roku. This entire repository relates to the unauthorized recreation of Nintendo's Donkey Kong video game, as described above.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.** Yes, we did not find any forks of this repository in our search.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?** Nintendo's copyrighted work is not licensed under an open-source license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?** Please immediately remove the repository.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:** No.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."** I have a good-faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing webpage is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."** I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am authorized to act on behalf of a copyright owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**
I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:** [private]

[private]

