To Whom it may concern:

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration. I confirm I have read the DMCA takedown notice guide on Github.

I represent the copyright holder of corporate code that has been uploaded to Github by [private] - a previous employee of the company. It appears during his tenure here, a copy of an internal toolkit has been uploaded, which contains code developed for Optos by optos employees internally. As a result, we request that the entire repository be removed, along with the fork - URLS below.  
https://github.com/gitter-badger/OTK  
https://github.com/gitter-badger/OTK/branches

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**

I do not have current contact information

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice:   https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

Yes, see above

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
[private]  
Optos (A Nikon Company)

Optos Inc  
Queensferry House  
Carnegie Campus  
Enterprise Way  
Dunfermline, Fife  
KY11 8GR  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[private]
