__Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?__

Yes

__What work was allegedly infringed?__ 

Text: Advanced Analytics with Spark

__If possible, please provide a URL:__ 

http://shop.oreilly.com/product/0636920035091.do

__What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:__

https://github.com/stark-summer/study-note/blob/master/spark/OReilly.Advanced.Analytics.with.Spark.2015.4.pdf

__Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.__

None found.

__Is the work licensed under an open source license?__

No

__If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?__

__What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?__

Remove the unauthorized posting.

__Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?__

No

__Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information?__

from GitHub page.

__If so, please provide it:__

[Private]

__Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."__

"I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."

__Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."__

"I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."

__Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/__

__So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:__

[Private]

__Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:__

[Private]
