**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
Yes, I am authorized to act on behalf of the owner.  
  
**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
The infringing materials and services are made available on the GitHub.com web site at the URL: https://github.com/firstborg/matlab-2017a. The GitHub username associated with this URL is "firstborg." I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials and the services described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. Specifically, I have a good faith belief that the materials and services identified above infringe at least 17 U.S.C. §§ 1201(a)(2) and/or 1201(b)(1) as to circumventing effective access controls and copyright protection measures of works  
protected under Title 17 of the United States Code, including MathWorks' MATLAB® computer program and related toolbox add-on computer programs. I have taken fair use into consideration.  
  
**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**  
https://github.com/firstborg/matlab-2017a  
  
**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
There are no forks.  
  
**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
The work is not licensed under an open source license.  
  
**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  
Removal of the website at the URL above. There are no other specific changes apart from such removal.  
  
**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
The GitHub username associated with this URL is "firstborg."  
  
**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.  
  
**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  
  
**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
I have read the Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice at the URL above.  
  
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
[private]   
  
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
[private] on behalf of The MathWorks, Inc.=  
