July 10, 2017  
copyright@github.com  
DMCA Infringement Notice  

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.  

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed.  

I am re-sending this request from my business email. You will find that
I sent another copy on July 8 from [private]. I hope this message
will supersede the original, and also encourage speedy compliance.

My name is [private]. I am the [private] of BYOND Software. My
site can be found here:

http://www.byond.com

[private], who uses the name "Redict" on your service, has uploaded
several repositories designed to circumvent security measures,
encryption, and other parts of my software, and show others how to do
so, in violation of federal copyright law under the Digital Millennium
Copyright Act. The infringing repositories are found at the following
URLs:

https://github.com/Redict/RSCDepacker  
https://github.com/Redict/ByondSpoofer  
https://github.com/Redict/ByondLoader  
https://github.com/Redict/ByondNoAD  
https://github.com/Redict/byondapi  

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials
described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the
copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into
consideration.

One of the above repositories represents a direct threat to my business
revenue and therefore could incur actual legal damages. Others threaten
the security of either my software, or the people who use it to create
and host games.

In specific, these are the ways in which the entries infringe:

RSCDepacker: Decrypts resource files sent from server to client,
allowing arbitrary users access to a game's art and sound resources.  
ByondSpoofer: Used to spoof a user's identity by intercepting system
calls used to determine a (theoretically) unique hardware ID. Spoofing
in this way can circumvent bans enacted by game hosts.  
ByondLoader: Compiles a fake wsock32.dll replacement, used subsequently
for spoofing purposes.  
ByondNoAD: BYOND Software relies partly on ad revenue from ads shown
before a game is played, unless that user is a member of the site. This
project alters the software to bypass ads altogether. The problem with
this is twofold: 1) It bypasses a restriction placed on the usage of the
software, and 2) it creates an illegally modified copy of the software
to do so. This has been deployed by at least one game creator to create
an illegally modified version.  
byondapi: Used as a general library for manipulating BYOND software, and
is used by the ByondSpoofer repository above. In specific, this library
is used to bypass the normal login process for the BYOND hub, a central
server that manages players, which normally requires an application in
the BYOND suite referred to as the BYOND pager.  

All of the above are designed to circumvent either encryption or access
restrictions within the BYOND software, or facilitate other programs in
doing so. There is no modification that may be done to the above
repositories to remedy the infringement. They are infringing in their
entirety, and as the copyright owner I demand their expeditious and
permanent removal.

If you should require any further information please do not hesitate to
contact me by email at [private]. Please contact me immediately if
this notification is not in substantial compliance with the requirements
of the DMCA or Github's filing policy, or if some other problem arises
with respect to my request. I would also request notification of your
compliance with my request.

/s/ [private]  
BYOND Software  
[private]  
Telephone: [private]  
Email: [private]  
