**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?** Yes

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.** http://maroofi.github.io/ceal/

The owner/proprietor of this site (possibly in Iran) is instructing developers on how to reverse engineer out an Esri watermark on map displays generated by ArcGIS Runtime apps. He evens calls his GitHub page " Crack Esri Android Library." By removing the Esri watermark, he is teaching developers how to circumvent technological measures employed by Esri which is a violation of the DMCA.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**   The entire GitHub page dedicated to teaching developers how to circumvent technological measures employed by Esri.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.** This is the only GitHub page that Esri is aware of at this point.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?** No. The ArcGIS Runtime apps are licensed under Esri's Master Agreement which is proprietary and not OSS.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**No. It is encouraging piracy and breach of the license agreement.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:** No. Only what we see on the GitHub page.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."** "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."** "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/** I confirm reading the GitHub DMCA guide.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
[private]  
Esri  
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
[private], [private], Esri
