**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
I, the undersigned, certify under penalty of perjury that: (i) I am authorized to act on behalf of WGU; (ii) that WGU is the owner of the copyright(s) in the Work(s); (iii) that I have a good faith belief that the use of the Works on the web pages listed below is not authorized by WGU, its agents, or the law; and (iv) that the information in this notice is accurate. (See 17 U.S.C. §512.);

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
This URL is a copy of Western Governors University assessment material - VGT1: Scripting and Programming - Applications Project. It is not open to public view.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**  
https://github.com/octt/vgt1 The complete page is WGU assessment material  

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
This notice is provided to you, as the designated agent of the service provider associated with the web page(s) identified above. Under 17 U.S.C. § 501 et seq., you may be held liable for “damages, costs, attorneys’ fees, and any other form of monetary payment” for any infringement of the Works using your computers, systems, or networks. To limit your potential liability and receive the benefit of certain liability limitations provided under 17 U.S.C. § 512 you must “act[] expeditiously to remove, or disable access to, the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity.” (See Id.)  

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**   This needs to be removed.  

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
We have sent 4 legal DMCAs to Github at this time - but have had no response.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  
"I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  
"I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
Read

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
Western Governors University  
4001 S 700 E Suite 700  
Salt Lake City, UT 84107  
[private] (local)  
[private] (toll free)  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
[private]  
