Dear GitHub Team,

I represent TrueConf, a video conferencing company based in Russia. Our official trademark, TrueConf, is subject to Madrid Protocol. WIPO registration number is 1330740. Russian Federation registration number is 474567.

TrueConf is a software developer which provides solutions for all major platforms. Here is a link to our Android application:   https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.trueconf.videochat&hl=ru  
On our website you can find the complete list of our solutions: http://trueconf.com/

We would like to complain about a commit found on Github which violates our trademark. This commit represents a repository presumably containing Android application code. We believe that this commit violates our trademark and strongly request GitHub team to take down these files, as it infringes our copyright. Unfortunately, we do not know infringer's contact information.  
https://github.com/mdzht/TrueConf.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

I confirm that I have read Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice.

Our physical address is [private].

My full legal name is [private].
