**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
I [private] (StokesMagee) am the copyright owner of this work.

**What work was allegedly infringed? If possible, please provide a URL:**  

The entire contents of the repository are infringing on my copyright rights, i have attached my work to the bottom of this request.
https://github.com/bombstock/Vector-Building

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**  

I will list each file that is infringing my copyright:  
https://github.com/bombstock/Vector-Building/blob/master/Vector/BM_CalculateVector.sqf  
https://github.com/bombstock/Vector-Building/blob/master/Vector/BM_construction_thread.sqf  
https://github.com/bombstock/Vector-Building/blob/master/Vector/BM_gui_constructionMode_update.sqf  
https://github.com/bombstock/Vector-Building/blob/master/Vector/BM_gui_hud_event_onKeyDown.sqf  
https://github.com/bombstock/Vector-Building/blob/master/Vector/BM_gui_hud_event_onKeyUp.sqf  

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  

I have searched for forks and there are none (At this time) If there are any at the time of reading the request, I request them to also to be taken down.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  

The repository owner has removed the header from all of my files, and is also violating my copyright right. the original header is provided as a attachment to this request. I have also asked he/she to remove my work from Github, and got no response. I am a [private] of "The Forsaken Survivors" i am able to prove this.

I do not have my work online anywhere, i host a game server for a game called ArmA 3, and when you join servers the game forces you to download a mission file, each mission file is different, but within that mission file are the contents of my work.

[private]  

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  
No, i wish for removal.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
All i have is a Forum profile: [private]
I have contacted the infringer 3 times to remove another version he uploaded, and he removed it, then he was banned from ExileMod and after he reuploaded vector-building.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**   

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  

I confirm that i have read them, and agree to the following.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  

Email: [private]  
Cell-Phone: [private]  
Physical Address:  
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
[private]  
