**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
Yes I am  
**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
  
The URL is:  
[private]
  
This Repo is private repo ,so every body except for owner ,doesn't have any copy right for the code  
  
**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**  
  
https://github.com/ybdibdin/tagweb.git  
  
This Repo above should be taken down  
  
**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
  
I have searched all the forks, including https://github.com/ybdibdin/tagweb.git this repo, but others i didn't see  
  
**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
  
No, the code from private codebase ,so don't have any open source licenses.  
  
**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  
  
Remove the code!  
  
**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
The person's name is [private], who was the original source leaking the code, his original repos are :  
  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
  
which are deleted 4 months ago,  
  
the repo https://github.com/ybdibdin/tagweb.git is forked from [private]  
  
The person contact is :  
  
phone: [private]    
  
email: [private]   
  
**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  
  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.  
  
**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  
  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  
  
**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
  
Yes ， I have  
  
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
email: [private]  
phone: [private]  
  
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
  
[private]  
