Hi [private],  

I wish to disable the repo which was forked from my repo.DMCA takedown notice as follow:

Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.
The original copyrighted work URL is https://github.com/chengn/websdk was delete,which is original repo of https://github.com/cfhb/websdk. I'm the author of original repo(https://github.com/chengn/websdk),I received delete repo notice from my company because this repo content sensitive information, then i delete it but this repo had forked by https://github.com/cfhb/websdk,

|

**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
yes,I'm author of original repository.  
**What work was allegedly infringed? If possible, please provide a URL:**  
this repo content including our company confidential information.the url is https://github.com/cfhb/websdk .  

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**  

Take down entire repository, the repository'URL is https://github.com/cfhb/websdk.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
yes, I wish to have all forks taken down

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
no  
**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  
I wish to delete it.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
I'm not have any contact information,he's github home page is https://github.com/cfhb .

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
I have read it.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
[private]   
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
[private]  
