Dear owners and operators of GitHub:

I am writing to inform you of the disclosure of compromising information:

https://github.com/milindhg/C-On-Test/blob/master/Sample%20Quiz%20Sets/Final%20Q(all).txt

CEB test questions

My organization, CEB-SHL, is a test provider and actively monitors the Internet for possible disclosures of test information. In the interest of the continued security and fairness of our tests, we ask for your help in removing this.

Test owners depend on the fairness and credibility of our tests to perform many life-altering decisions about individual competence. The possible disclosure of information therefore threatens CEB-SHL’s ability to qualify individuals for jobs by test, and threatens CEB-SHL’s substantial investments in the creation and distribution of its tests. U.S. courts have indicated that substantial damages are available to test owners for the unauthorized taking and publication of test information protected by copyright and other law (e.g., National Conference of Bar Examiners v. Multistate Legal Studies, ED PA 2006).

Your prompt attention to this matter may obviate the need for CEB-SHL to take legal action. If you believe that the suspected disclosure listed above is in error, I invite you to contact me at your earliest convenience with information that will clarify the content and purposes of the information located at the link cited above.

For more information regarding CEB-SHL's copyright infringement policy, procedures, and contact information, please read our Acceptable Use Policy by clicking on the Terms of Use link at www.cebglobal.com.

*I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
*I am the owner, or an agent authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
*I have a good faith belief that the use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and this notification is accurate.
*I acknowledge that under Section 512(f) of the DMCA any person who knowingly materially misrepresents that material or activity is infringing may be subject to liability for damages.

Thanks,

[Private]

(Electronic Signature)
___________________________________________________

[Private]

[Private]  
[Private]  
CEB – What the Best Companies Do  
555 North Point Center East, Suite 600, Alpharetta, GA 30022  
Direct: +[Private]
Email: [Private]
