**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the [private] and [private] of Cycorp, Inc., a Texas-based Delaware-incorporated C corporation, which copyrighted the materials.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The copyrighted work that has been infringed is proprietary source code owned by Cycorp, Inc., including some of our basic "inference engine" code and specific several modules for increasing the efficiency of representation and efficiency of inference; all those code files were directly copied and published on GitHub without permission. The infringer apparently obtained access to those files under a license which permitted a small group of project members (of the LarKC project) to inspect those files solely in order to help them write their own independent inference engine; no one was ever licensed to share those files any more widely than that, let alone post them on github!

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**

There are exactly two directory trees in the
https://github.com/semantic-im/larkc-platform-2.5-rev1797-with-sim
GitHub repository that we request you remove:  
larkc-platform-2.5-rev1797-with-sim/src/main/java/com/cyc/*  
and  
larkc-platform-2.5-rev1797-with-sim/src/main/resources/cyc-tiny/*  
The material in all the files in the two above-named directories clearly contain the notice "Copyright (c) 1995-2009 Cycorp Inc." (in some cases they have slightly different date ranges, but always Copyright (c) Cycorp, Inc.) The rest of the repository -- i.e., besides the two above-named directories -- seems to be code written specifically for the LarKC Project and copyrighted by LarKC, which we have no concern or involvement with.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

We have not found any such forks, at this time.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

The work is most definitely NOT licensed under an open source license, and never has been.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

To remedy the infringement, either of the following two options would be sufficient:  
1. Remove the entire semantic-im/larkc-platform-2.5-rev1797-with-sim repository from GitHub  
2. Remove every source file within that repository that contained a comment such as "Copyright (c) 1995-2009 Cycorp Inc." or with any other dates. I can provide a comprehensive list of such files upon request, but it is a LONG list.  
We do not see any third option short of 1 and 2, which would suffice.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**

It appears to be someone named [private]
I have emailed this person, requesting they remove the files, but have received no reply from them.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

I have read the Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

My telephone number is [private] (office) and [private] mobile. My physical address is [private], Cycorp, Suite 250, 7718 Wood Hollow Drive, Austin, Texas 78731 USA. My email is [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
Thank you very much.

signed,  
[private]
