**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner, Splunk Inc.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The original material is software titled "Splunk Enterprise v. 4.3", Copyright Reg. No. TX 7-659-917. It is not available online.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**

The entire repository at https://github.com/edosurya/splunk

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

edosurya/splunk  
vmamidela/splunk  
wtest/splunk  
jayannahallur/splunk  
bumyongchoi/splunk  
JoeyJiao/splunk  
mishin/splunk  
wting/splunk  
mealy/splunk  
eyecat/splunk  
jujis008/splunk  
eliobotogoske/splunk  
scrathe/splunk  
DRArpitha/splunk  
edperry/splunk  
jpressnell/splunk  
jitzpop/splunk  
linearregression/splunk

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No, it is proprietary code. The files have the copyright notice of the copyright owner in them without any license grant, e.g., https://github.com/edosurya/splunk/blob/master/etc/apps/search/bin/sendemail.py.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

Removal is the only appropriate solution; this is not open source code.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**

None other than the user page, which says his name is [Private] with an email address of [Private]

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

Confirmed.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

[Private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[Private]  
[Private]

Counsel for copyright owner
