**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
I'm the [private] responsible for some Sanofi projects.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
I created a repository "cgop" under my GitHub account for training and lab purpose. The URL was "[removed by user]". Unfortunately the repository was mistakenly used and some source code of a Sanofi project was committed to the repository. It is violating both Capgemini and Sanofi security policies. Although I deleted the "cgop" repository as soon as the inappropriate use was found, the repository was already cloned by Xeon2007. To mitigate the issue, xeon2007/cgop has to be taken down.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**  
The URL of the repository cloned is "https://github.com/xeon2007/cgop"

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
For the moment, "https://github.com/xeon2007/cgop" is the only fork that needs to be taken down.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
The work is not licensed under any open source license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  
It would be a good solution if the fork be taken down.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
I don't have Xeno2007's contact information.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
I have read the guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
My mobile number is [private].

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
[private]=
