DMCA Notice
Date: July 16, 2017

Dear Sir or Madam:

I have a good faith belief that the files in the repositories identified below (by URL) offer to distribute copies of copyrighted works belonging to Zocle Media, LLC (“Zocle”). The scripts at issue are internal Zocle scripts and are proprietary.

Copyright work(s):  
Zocle Source Code  
Copyright owner(s) or exclusive licensee:  
Zocle Media LLC  

Copyright infringing material or activity found at the following location(s):  

https://github.com/OLDREP/celery_socials  
https://github.com/OLDREP/sns_lambda  
https://github.com/OLDREP/snapi  

There are no forks on above links. There is no open source license associated with any these repositories.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.
I have read GitHub's guidelines on submitting DMCA Notices;

We hereby give notice of these activities to you and request that you take expeditious action to remove or disable access to the material described above, and thereby prevent the illegal reproduction and distribution of this copyrighted work(s).

Email of alleged infringer [private]

Thank you for your kind assistance.  
Yours sincerely,  
[private]

On behalf of:  
Zocle Media LLC  
Attn. [private]  
9 West Broad St Ste 610  
Stamford, CT 06902  
Tel: [private]  
Email: [private]
