**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

We are the authorized agent of our clients Novi Digital Entertainment Pvt. Ltd. & Star India Pvt. Ltd.

**Describe the technological measure(s) you have in place that effectively control access to your copyrighted material.**

Please understand that hotstar.com is a streaming OTT platform and don’t allow users to download the content from platform. We have in placed DRM technology to restrict users to downloading of the content. The nature of the websites itself is streaming only and offline downloading is allowed only in hotstar’s mobile application.

**Describe how the project is designed to circumvent your previously described technological protection measure(s).**

Kindly note that DRM protection is in-placed so that no one can download/access the content without authorization from the copyright holder. The availability of copyright work on the platform is solely for personal streaming/consumption. However, the repository in question is allowing users to download the content which can be later shared/uploaded/monetized, thus infringing rights of our client and causing monetary damages.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The repositories posted on GitHub are circumventing the technology measures in placed by our client on their platform hotstar.com and allowing users to download the content, which is leading to piracy of our content on the Internet. Our client's portal allows users to watch the content online.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**

https://github.com/gopu0000/hotstar-stream-downloader

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

We didn't search for forks

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

This work isn't licensed for anyone to download content from our clients official platform.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

This whole tool itself allow users to download content which is infringing our clients rights.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**

No, we don't have it.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

Yes, we have read.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
[private]
