__Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?__

I'm part of the company 24nME http://24nme.com

You can also email me [Private] or the CEO [Private]

__What work was allegedly infringed? If possible, please provide a URL:__

https://github.com/webdevpark/24nME

This is our old source code we don't know this guy, we think he got the code from one of our old contractors.
He asked for money when I asked him to take it down. (Contacted him on skype search)

__What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:__

Everything under here: https://github.com/webdevpark/24nME in 24nME

But I'm guessing you should probably close his account. I actually I a developer on [private], which he has a fork of on his account. He said this person was not part of the project, but also took private code and tried to extort them.

__Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.__

This seems to be the only one

__Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?__

The code is stored under the company private Visual Studio Team Foundation server, we didn't use Github for this.

__What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?__

No, just remove it. Probably everything else he has up, he's also trying to extort money from the owners.

__Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:__

I searched his name on skype and he accepted my friend request. After I told him I wouldn't pay him money, he blocked him skype contact from him.

__Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."__

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

__Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."__

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

__Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/__

Yes

__So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:__

United States, [Private]

[Private]

__Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:__

[Private]
