To Whom It May Concern,

The following information serves to assert my rights and request removal of
allegedly infringing web content under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act
(DMCA). The following is a report, in good faith, of alleged copyright
infringement. I am contacting you as the designated agent for the site upon
which the infringing work currently appears. This letter is a Notice of
Infringement as authorized in ยง512(c) of the U.S. Copyright Law.

I am the copyright owner of the works and the following is true and
accurate.

1\. The original work, for which I claim copyright, appears, with my
permission, at the following locations online:  

http://www.image-illustration.net/shop/download-5000x3323-iceberg-wallpaper/

2\. Copies of my original copyrighted work are included to assist you in
your evaluation and determination.  

3\. The allegedly infringing *image* appears at the following location(s)
online:  

https://github.com/Jazqa/kwin-quarter-tiling

4\. My contact information, as copyright holder, is as follows:

[private]

5\. The information of the alleged copyright infringer is:

https://github.com/Jazqa/kwin-quarter-tiling

6\. I have a good faith belief the use of the above reference copyrighted
work(s) that appears on the website for which you are the designated DMCA
agent is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or by law.

I declare, under penalty of perjury, this notice is true and correct and
that I am the copyright owner entitled to exclusive rights which I allege
are being infringed.

Signed this ___20_____ day of __october______, 2017____ in [private]
