I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?** 

Yes, I'm requesting this takedown on behalf of Coursera, Inc. I'm [Private] at Coursera.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

A user has posted a folder on GitHub. All of the contents inside the "Makethon" repository, including the repository, is a direct, literal copy of our work. The repository is located here: https://github.com/jamesallain/makeathon. The user has no ownership of the content as it is Coursera's proprietary information. The proprietary information is Coursera source code, Coursera commits, and Coursera history. To our knowledge, there have been no additional commits beyond Coursera's.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**

Please takedown this entire "Makeathon" repository. It can be found at https://github.com/jamesallain/makeathon

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

To our knowledge, we did not see additional forks from https://github.com/jamesallain/makeathon at this time. If we discover additional forks, we will submit a new DMCA request.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No, the fork is not licensed under an open source license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

The entire "Makeathon" folder and its contents must be takedown.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**

We do not have any information beyond his username of "jamesallain"

"I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."

"I swear, under penalty of perjury, to the best of my knowledge, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**
Confirmed

[Private]

[Private]

Coursera Inc.  
381 E. Evelyn Ave.  
Mountain View, CA 94041  
[Private]  
[Private]
