**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am [Private] of the Toontown: Ultimate Uprising/Toontown Ultimate project, XenoWars.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The entirety of this link: https://github.com/ToontownBayz/Toontown-Ultimate-Uprising-Mid-2017-Leaked-Source is a source we were transferring to and were in early stages of doing so. The proof is in one of the staff's coding for a level system, Musicbots, and Hackerbots. All of those were in the staff's personal source which we were transferring to. And then this link: https://github.com/AntiPositive/Toontown-The-Ultimate-Uprising is an unauthorized sharing of one of our past sources that I would now like taken down. Some of our ideas have been stolen by other Toontown servers, so we don't want any more leaks out there of our source.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**

As I stated above, I would like the entire repositories taken down in the links: https://github.com/AntiPositive/Toontown-The-Ultimate-Uprising and https://github.com/ToontownBayz/Toontown-Ultimate-Uprising-Mid-2017-Leaked-Source. Heck, the latter even says it's leaked.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

I have noticed there is one fork of the second link in the above question, however I believe it is private as I can not find it at all.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No, Toontown Ultimate Uprising/Toontown Ultimate is a closed source project and will likely never be made open source. Too many times we have been leaked, and so now we are finally taking action.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

The best solution would be for removal of the two repositories. For AntiPositive, though, he could just remove the link to his google drive file of our source (which yes, we have confirmed is our source). ToontownBayz, on the other hand, can do nothing but remove it. Otherwise, the entire game would need rewritten.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**

Does Discord username count? Of both contributors? We have photo evidence they conspired together. [Private] is [Private]  and [Private] is currently [Private] . Only the 4-number tag, though, is needed for searching them up on Discord.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

I have read and understand Github's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

[Private] . If possible, text me rather than call if you use it.

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[Private] 
