**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Answer: YES

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Answer:
Description: Below files of ALi 3606/3602 are STB SDK including all source code which is designed by ALi based on ALi private platform.
Blew two URLs  
https://github.com/jackuzzy/ali3606  
https://github.com/jackuzzy/ali3602  
First, there are a lot of declarations in the file head showing that all rights are reserved by ALi.
/*****************************************************************************
* Ali Corp. All Rights Reserved. 2002 - 2003 Copyright (C)
/****************************************************************************
* ALi Corporation, All Rights Reserved. 2010 Copyright (C)
* File: isdbtcc_dec_osd.h

/****************************************************************************
*
* ALi (Shanghai) Corporation, All Rights Reserved. 2002 Copyright (C)

Second, such code is ALi's confidential information stored into ALi's internally secure work station without public link to share with you except such content disclosed in github website.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**

Answer: Please take down blew two repositories, the URLs are:  
https://github.com/jackuzzy/ali3606  
https://github.com/jackuzzy/ali3602  

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Answer: we can't find any forks from the website, but please also take down it if you find there is any.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?** 

Answer: No, the work does not involve open source. Any and all work are totally designed independently by ALi itself without integarting any open source code.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

Answer: The best solution is to take down such infringing files.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**

Answer: No

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

Answer: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

Answer: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

Answer: YES

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

Answer: [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

Answer: [private]
