**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

YES

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

THE ENTIRE CONTENTS OF GROVE MUSIC ONLINE: http://www.oxfordmusiconline.com

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**

THE COMPLETE WEBSITE: https://grovemusic.github.io/#gsc.tab=0

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

NO

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

NO, NO, NO.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

REMOVAL. NO.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**

NO.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

[Private]| [Private] Grove Music Online and Oxford Reference  
Oxford University Press | 198 Madison Avenue | New York, NY 10016  
[Private] | [Private]
www.oxfordmusiconline.com | www.oxfordbibliographies.com | www.oxfordhandbooks.com  
twitter: OUPMusic | OUP Music blog

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[Private]
____

My name is [Private] and I am [Private] at Oxford University Press (“OUP”), a department of the University of Oxford and one of the oldest university presses in the world. It has been brought to my attention that your website uses a substantial amount of OUP content without our authorization. Specifically, your website uses content from Grove Music Online (the “Work”), available here: http://www.oxfordmusiconline.com/subscriber/. Here is the specific URL that uses OUP content without our permission: https://grovemusic.github.io/#gsc.tab=0.

OUP owns the exclusive rights to produce and publish the Work and any abridgment or portion thereof throughout the world; accordingly, it is an infringement of copyright for you to do any of these things in relation to the whole or part of the Work without permission or authorization. Because you neither asked for nor received permission to use the Work or any portion thereof on your website it is our position that the usage is a wilful violation of copyright under 17 USC Section 101, et seq. and is also contrary to sections 16 and 20 of the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988.

We demand that you immediately cease the distribution of any infringing works including any infringing works derived from the Work and immediately destroy all such infringing works. Additionally, this letter shall serve as an official takedown notice under Section 512(c) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) ans/or Article 14 of the European Union E-Commerce Directive 2000/31/EC. Accordingly, we demand that you immediately remove or block access to all content that infringes any OUP content and refrain from using or sharing with others such unauthorized material. We similarly require a certification that you have taken such measures.

If I have not received an affirmative response from you indicating that you have fully complied with these requirements in a timely fashion and/or if infringing content is still available for view online, we shall seriously consider all of the remedies available to us including, without limitation, legal action for injunctive relief or to recover damages, without further notice to you.

We reserve all of our rights.

Sincerely,

[Private]  
[Private]  
Oxford University Press | 198 Madison Avenue | New York, NY 10016
