**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
- Yes, as the [private] for the Autodesk Product Security Incident Response Team (PSIRT) I am authorized to act on behalf of Autodesk, Inc. on incidents related to copyrighted material.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
- The content posted on GitHub has been confirmed as source code from within our Collaboration for Revit(R) service. The URL for the description of this service is as follows: www.autodesk.com/products/collaboration-for-revit/overview

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**  
- We are asking for the content at the following location to be removed in it's entirety:   https://github.com/WalkingDonkey/SAMDK/blob/master/Web.config

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
- Yes, we have searched for any additional forks and have not found other instances of this source code content on GitHub.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
- No, the work is not licensed under any type of Open Source license or policy. It is considered original copyrighted material of Autodesk, Inc.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  
- No, there are no other options available other than removal. In addition to copyrighted material, the repository also lists account credentials that are in a violation of Autodesk policies. We have taken the necessary steps to invalidate the credentials posted in the repository.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
- There are email accounts listed in the repository in question. However, we have no way to determine who the listed accounts belong to, or who the GitHub account belongs to.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  
- I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  
- I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
- Yes, I have read the guide related to DCMA Takedown Notice requests.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
- [private]; Office at Autodesk, Inc., San Francisco, CA, 94105

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
- [private]
