**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

I am an employee of the copyright owner that has been authorized to act on the owner's behalf.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The original work is software source code that was not previously made public and leaked by a disgruntled ex employee. A legitimate version of the software does not exist online.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**

https://github.com/Favreyo/RIPBow  
https://github.com/Lihabbit/ShotbowPlugins

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes. I have searched for other instances of the code on github using github's built in search and have distinctly identified all repositories I know to contain the code at the time of submission.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

The work is not licensed under an open source license. It is proprietary work

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

Complete Removal. At least one poster is doing it intentionally knowing that it is private code.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**

I do not.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

Mail may be sent to:

Shotbow  
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[private]
