I am the [private] of Nobium Bilgi Teknolojileri ve Danışmanlık Ticaret Limited Şirketi, creator of mobile App Qumpara.

We have noticed that, the Github user "selaysoysal", one of our former employees, has published the codes of our commercial project she has worked for, while she was working at our company.
The employee contract of the person in regard, has been terminated in September 2016. And she has published the project to Github at Nov 27, 2016.

You may see that the app is already at the App Store and Google Play under our company’s account. You may see the name and logo of our app directly.
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.qumpara&hl=tr
https://appsto.re/tr/l7dtgb.i

This is the content of that has been copied without permission:
https://github.com/selaysoysal/Qumpara

Username of the reported account: selaysoysal ([private]- Contact Phone number [private])

This is an act of malicious act of our former employee. And we would kindly ask you to remove the violating material (the whole content under selaysoysal/qumpara) from your servers immediate as possible.

I request that you immediately notify the infringer of this notice and inform them of their duty to remove the infringing material immediately, and notify them to cease any further posting of infringing material to your server in the future.

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Best Regards  

[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
