Dear Sir or Madam!

My name is [private].  
I am authorized to represent company Molenari OU the protection of copyright.  

The unauthorized and illegal copy of distribution of a computer program «1C:Enterprise 8»
with built-in virus code can be found at  
https://github.com/1CEterprise8/updates/raw/master/update_1c.zip

Please be informed that the company Molenati OU distributes its computer programs freely
available on the Internet and did not give the right to any legal person or citizen to run their
software on the Internet.

This letter is official notification under Section 512(c) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (”DMCA”),
and I seek the removal of the aforementioned infringing material from your servers.  
I request that you immediately notify the infringer of this notice and inform them of their duty
to remove the infringing material immediately, and notify them to cease any further posting
of illegal computer programs «1C:Enterprise» to your server in the future.

I am providing this notice in good faith and with the reasonable belief that rights our client owns are being infringed.

I am ready to provide any information that confirms the presence of Company Molenary OU property
copyright on computer programs «1C:Enterprise».

Under penalty of perjury I certify that the information contained in the notification is both
true and accurate, and I have the authority to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright(s) involved.

Should you wish to discuss this with me please contact me directly by e-mail: [private].

Best regards,  
[private]  
legalsoft.ua=
