To whom It May Concern

DMCA Notification
The following information is presented for the purposes of removing web content that infringes on our copyright per the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. We appreciate your enforcement of copyright law and support of our rights in this matter.

Identification of Copyrighted Work

The copyrighted work at issue is the text that appears on codility.com and its related pages. The pages in question contain a clear copyright notification and are the intellectual property of the complainant.

Identification of Infringed Material

The following copyrighted paragraphs have been allegedly copied from the copyrighted work:

1) Link :
https://github.com/blakeembrey/code-problems/blob/master/solutions/java/StackMachine.java

Text starting from  
"A <i>stack machine</i> is a simple system"

to  
"* solution will not be the focus of the assessment"

2) Link :  
https://github.com/Jarosh/Exercises/wiki/Split-array-into-two-parts,-such-that-the-number-of-elements-equal-to-X-in-the-first-part-is-the-same-as-the-number-of-elements-different-from-X-in-the-other-part

Text starting from  
"An integer X and a non-empty zero-indexed array A"

to  
"Elements of input arrays can be modified"

3) Link :  
https://github.com/demonSong/leetcode/issues/18

Text starting from  
"A zero-indexed array A consisting of N different integers is"

to  
"Each element of array A is an integer within the range [0, N-1]."

4) Link :  
https://github.com/DanLux/phonebill

Text starting from  
"Your monthly phone bill has just arrived, and it's unexpectedly"

to  
"format "hh:mm:ss,nnn-nnn-nnn" strictly; there are no empty lines and spaces"

5) Link :  
https://github.com/Himansu-Nayak/jse-examples/blob/master/crackingthecoding/src/main/java/com/zalando/Password.java

Text starting from  
"You would like to set a password"

to  
"there is no substring that satisfies the restrictions on the format of a valid password."

Notifying Party

Codility Limited  
Attn: Legal Dept.  
107 Cheapside  
9th Floor  
London  
EC2V 6DN  
United Kingdom  
[private]

Copyright Owners Statement

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the allegedly infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification is accurate and that I am authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

All of the websites accessible by links posted above contain descriptions of programming tasks from https://codility.com/.

1) https://codility.com/tasks/stack_machine_emulator  
2) https://codility.com/tasks/assymetry_index  
3) https://codility.com/tasks/perm_cycles  
4) https://codility.com/tasks/phone_billing  
5) https://codility.com/tasks/digitless_password

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**

Provided above.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

If possible, please take down any forks.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

It is not.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

No, removal is the only solution.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**

No.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

Included in the above section.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

Included in the above section.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

I confirm.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

Please get back in touch at [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[private]
