Dear Github staff,

Please help me to submit this DMCA takedown notice:

Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?
- I'm a [private] of 2 products:

BeoStore - Complete React Native template for e-commerce - https://codecanyon.net/item/beostore-complete-react-native-template-for-ecommerce/17010642?s_rank=1

BeoNews - React Native mobile app for Wordpress - https://codecanyon.net/item/beonews-react-native-mobile-app-for-wordpress/19186520?s_rank=2

These are selling base on Envato license.

**What work was allegedly infringed?**   
 1. https://github.com/fengluhome/beoStore  
They publish my whole project as public without my permission, you can see here there are still my email: [private] and my website still exist from the config file:  
[private]   

 2. https://github.com/NajibRajak/Stir  
They publish my whole project as public without my permission, you can see here there are still my email: [private] and my website still exist from the config file  
[private]  

These are huge impact to our sale and business as they are sharing as free download.  

What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:
Whole repository:  
1. https://github.com/fengluhome/beoStore  
2. https://github.com/NajibRajak/Stir  

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
I've reviewed the whole Repo source code and it's fully matching with our project delivery.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
The work licensed under Envato market - https://codecanyon.net/licenses/standard which is not public and sharing without permission.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**   It would be good if they can remove the repository out of public status or move it to private mode for personal use.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
No, i've tried to reach them via post the github issues but they could not take down the repo.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**   - yes, confirmed

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
I can reach via mobile: [private]  
Email: [private]  
Skype: [private]  

Please type your full legal name below to sign this request: [private]  

Thank you so much!
