**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
I am a menber of Huawei PSIRT (Product Security Incident Response Team). The related opyright belongs to Huawei. To confirm my identity, please contact [private] (you can get our pub-key at [private]).

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
The related code is not open source code. So I cannot provide URL for them.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**  
https://github.com/chenxinsi/p10_decompile, The P10 is a module of Huawei smart phone. the code in this repository belongs to Huawei.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
No, I do not know how many forks are there.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
Those codes are HUAWEI's assets. I do not think these codes licensed under an open source license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  
Huawei PSIRT hope the codes should be delete.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
No, I try to get but no contact information found.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
Yes, I and Huawei PSIRT confirm.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
You can contact Huawei PSIRT by email: [private] (you can get our pub-key at [private]). Huawei PSIRT is located at:
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
My personal information as a Huawei PSIRT member is:

Full Name: [private]

First Name: [private]

Last Name [private]

Email:[private](github account) / [private]

Huawei PSIRT’s information is :

Full Name: Huawei PSIRT

First Name: N/A

Last Name: N/A

Email:[private]
