Dear Sirs,

*Notice of copyright infringement under Section 512(c) of the Digital
Millennium Copyright Act*

1. Mojang AB and Mojang Synergies AB are the owners of all copyright and
intellectual property rights subsisting in the game “Minecraft” (the
“Game”).

2. The Game and its content (the “Copyrights”), including the underlying
software and art assets, are original works in which copyright subsists
under national and international laws, including under the Berne Convention.

3. The following web pages (the “Infringing Web page”) offer, without our
permission, the whole or a substantial part of the Copyright without our
consent. This amounts to copyright infringement.

https://github.com/SLiZ2k17/xulu/blob/master/Xulu2.1Client.zip  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MCmodding4K/Files/master/versions/1.11/SkillClient1.11-b8.0.zip  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MCmodding4K/Files/master/versions/1.8/SkillClient1.8-b8.1.zip  
[Already removed by user]  
[Already disabled by previous notice]

4. This letter is an official notification under the provisions of Section
512(c) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) to effect removal
of the above-reported webpage. A failure to ”expeditiously remove or
disable access to” the Infringing Web page upon receiving this notice may
result in a loss of immunity under the DMCA.

5. The information in this notification is accurate and the writer has a
good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of here
is not authorized by Mojang AB and/or Mojang Synergies AB. The writer
states under penalty of perjury that they are an agent of the Mojang AB and
Mojang Synergies AB.

We reserve all our rights in this matter. We look forward to hearing from
you.

Yours faithfully,

[private] on behalf of Mojang AB and Mojang Synergies AB

[private]
