Dear Sir,

1. This notice is official notification under Section 512(c) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (”DMCA”), provided by Zepetto Co..

1. We found out that some contents on GitHub (“Infringing Materials”) are infringing our copyright.

1. We respectfully request that you remove the Infringing Materials from your server or disable access to the Infringing Materials.

1. Please find attached your Copyright claims form as requested.

1. Should you need further information, please contact our legal team:  
[private], [private]  
E mail: [private]  
Phone: [private]  
Address: Zepetto Co.,  
8 F Jaram Building, 78 Mapo-daero, Mapo-gu, Seoul, 04168, South Korea  

Thank you.  

Zepetto Co.  
_______________________
[private]  
[private]  

Exhibit

**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  

* Yes, Zepetto Co. is the copyright owner

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  

* Confidential company documents and software programs for internal use

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**  

https://github.com/foxovsky/PointBlank  

https://github.com/GabrielTrucollo/PointBlank  

https://github.com/SkelletonX/PointBlank  

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  

* No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  

* No, the only solution is to remove the Infringing Materials from your server.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**  

* No

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  

* I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  

* I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  

* I confirm that I have read your Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  

* [private], [private]  
E mail: [private]  
Phone: [private]  
Address: Zepetto Co.,  
8 F Jaram Building, 78 Mapo-daero, Mapo-gu, Seoul, 04168, South Korea  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

Zepetto Co.

_______________________
[private]  
[private]  
