**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
Yes  
  
**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
  
My copyright code is mostly at https://github.com/yracine/device-type.myecobee. Some of it is not posted online as there is some secret techniques & algorithms I don't want to share.  
  
**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**  
  
The whole repository forked by geoffpainter at https://github.com/geoffpainter/device-type.myecobee is infringing my license (the license is clearly indicated in the header of each file in the repository).  
  
**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
  
Yes.  
  
**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
  
No, it's clearly indicated in the header that the code is not open source. Each file has the same copyright header (license).  
  
**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  
  
No, removal is the only solution.  
.  
**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
  
I've tried to reach him by email and through github to no avail. I sent him an email on May 12, 2017 to  
the email address I have in my files: [private], but there was no response or any action taken by him.  
  
See my github comments here:  
  
https://github.com/geoffpainter/device-type.myecobee/commit/e12cab278ce84253e32fbc5d526d9e00a91736be  
  
**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  
  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration  
  
**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  
  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  
  
**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
  
Yes, I've read it.  
  
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
  
[private]
  
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
  
[private]
