__Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?__

__Yes, I am [Private], a co-owner of the copyright, and I am authorized to act on behalf of [Private], [Private], and [Private], the other co-owners of the copyright. We are the authors of the code.

__What work was allegedly infringed? If possible, please provide a URL:__

The GPUfit software library. The entire repository located at the following URL:

www.github.com/zyex1108/GPUfit

__What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:__

The entire repository at the following URL should be taken down:

http://www.github.com/zyex1108/GPUfit

__Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.__

Yes, we have searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing repository. We have found no additional forks.

__Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?__

No the work is not licensed under any open source license. The authors of the code retain all rights to the code.

__What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?__

Removal of the infringing repository would be the best solution.

__Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:__

No

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

We have read and understood the Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: http://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/

Contact email: [Private]  
Contact telephone: [Private]

__Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:__

[Private]
