**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The user [Private] was employed by us for a brief period through the service [Private]. After proving incapable of performing the tasks that were asked of him, we decided to end the engagement. The profile of the user was also deleted by [Private] due to violation of their terms of service.

Since then, the user has posted our code as a repo on their own profile, soliciting it as their own work.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**

https://github.com/itmaster921/react_home_automation is the initial repository. 

It has since been forked here 

- https://github.com/terentyevyakov/react_home_automation

and here 

- https://github.com/AvilovMisha/react_home_automation

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

yes, each fork that needs to be taken down is listed above.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

The work is not open source. It is intellectual property owned by CasaiQ Inc. (I am [Private]).

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

No, they need to be removed.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**

The [Private] account associated with the user was deleted. That was our primary channel for communication. There was also an email we found, but I'm not sure if it is working [Private].

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

"I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

"I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

Yes

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

[Private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[Private]
