Dear Sir or Madam:

My firm represents KPMG LLP ("KPMG") in intellectual property matters, including matters involving the infringement of its intellectual property rights. This week it came to KPMG's attention that copyright protected work owned by KPMG, including but not limited to software code and source files (the "Protected Works"), was posted on GitHub without KPMG's permission by the user, "niranjjammy." Such postings infringe on KPMG's copyrights in the Protected Works. The code and files appear in the below repositories:

1. https://github.com/niranjjammy/MSA6-3-2016
2. https://github.com/niranjjammy/MSA9
3. https://github.com/niranjjammy/Criterion
4. https://github.com/niranjjammy/QDT

On behalf of KPMG, I hereby demand the immediate removal of the aforementioned infringing materials, including all files and code in the above-identified repositories, from your servers in accordance with Section 512(c) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA").

This e-mail is official notification under Section 512(c) of the DMCA. Please be advised that the law requires you to remove or disable access to the infringing materials upon receiving this notice.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration. I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. You may contact me, as representative of KPMG, at the address I have provided below.

We demand that you respond to this correspondence within three (3) days and provide written assurances that you have removed all files and code in the above-identified repositories and/or disabled access to them and will take all necessary steps to preserve KPMG's intellectual property rights.

KPMG reserves all of its rights and claims against GitHub. Nothing in this correspondence shall be deemed a waiver of any kind by KPMG. If you have any questions, please contact me directly at:  
[private]  
Baker & Hostetler LLP  
1050 Connecticut Avenue, NW  
Suite 1100  
Washington, D.C. 20036-5403  
[private]  
