Dear Github Abuse Agent:

We represent GoPro, Inc. ("GoPro"). We recently learned that GitHub user "orangkucing" (https://github.com/orangkucing?tab=repositories) has reverse engineered GoPro's genlock protocol and firmware related to GoPro camera products, and posted the deciphered I^2C commands to a GitHub repository, located at the URLs below. Orangkucing's conduct is a violation of the law and GoPro's Terms and Firmware License, which prohibit reverse engineering and deciphering GoPro's code (see Section 10 here: https://gopro.com/legal/terms). On its related website, Orangkucing admitted to the reverse engineering that prompted this report (see: https://mewpro.cc/2015/01/18/genlock-mewpro-is-coming-soon/).

Our responses to GitHub's reporting form follow:

**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

GoPro's firmware related to its camera products.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**

The following repositories and forks, along with any others that violate GoPro's rights:

https://gist.github.com/orangkucing/45dd2046b871828bf592  
https://gist.github.com/cleoag/44928fcbcd33dbdeea27  
https://gist.github.com/NBY/f1d6a0628ccdbc1ca52b  
https://gist.github.com/jdavez/86e88b3da9fa3410fab5ca354c619d32  

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Noted above.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

Remove the content, along with any other content that violates GoPro's rights.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**

[private]  

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[private]  
