**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

We engaged the above mentioned user to work on our software platform last year and terminated his contract as he was running a bitcoin miner on our servers without us being aware. The original work is source code created for our software platform which is spread across multiple private repositories. This source code creates the web platforms that can be found via multiple sites like: usbbm.billaway.com, cabbm.billaway.com, sgbbm.billaway.com, gulf.billaway.com, ... and others. Included in this source code are configuration files with users, keys, and passwords to our partner services - including payment processing services provided by First Data.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**

The entire public repository hosted here - https://github.com/prabhatsubedi/ba - should be removed as soon as possible. It contains not only our private source code created by our team, but also usernames, keys, and passwords to our partner services - including payment processing providers.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

No, but we will do so and submit separate takedown notices for those.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No. There is no open source license associated with this code.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

There are no other changes to be made other than removal.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**

https://github.com/prabhatsubedi

[Private]

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

Yes. I have read that guide.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

[Private] is my mobile number. My physical address is [Private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[Private]
