**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  

Yes, I'm Syology [private] and authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf. On behalf of Synology, I ask for removing the infringed code.  

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  

https://xpenology.github.io/serial_generator/serial_generator_new.html  
The purpose of XPEnology New Serial Generator may produce the serial number of Synology product.  
When our customers have questions that need our support, they have to fill the support ticket with a specific serial number of the product. We have found out that competitors try to pretend to be normal users so they can access to sensitive information about our product via illegal serial number which is created by this generator.  

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**  

https://xpenology.github.io/serial_generator/serial_generator_new.html  

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  

Yes, I have checked. There is only one URL I provided above needs to be deleted.  

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  

No, it is not open source license. 

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  

Please remove it. There is no other solution because it is illegal.  

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**  

No. I don’t have alleged infringer's contact information. I only know the information provided form Github.  

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.  

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.  

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  

Synology Inc.  
Phone: [private]  
Address: [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  

[private]  
