Dear Sir or Madam,

I am writing this DMCA takedown request because of a complete release of the Twerion.net minecraft server system.

**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, im writing this message under the demand of the Owner. 

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The original projects are representing the entire Twerion.net Minecraft server plugin system extentions.

Thr original code was written for the Owner of the Twerion.net Network [Private] from several developers. 

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**

[disabled by previous takedown]

https://github.com/devFinn/Twerion-Minigames  
https://github.com/devFinn/Twerion-Cloud-Old  
https://github.com/devFinn/Twerion-Lottery  

 

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

I haven't seen any forks.

 

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license????**

All projects are not public and are unter the licensing of the author. All authors of these projects got payed and traded their right the the Twerion.net company.

(We can submit the bank receipts in case of a special request)

 

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

No, please delete the full projects and if exists, after i submitted this post, all forks.

 

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**

First name: [Private]

Surname: [Private]

We don't have knowledge about any physical address information.

 

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

 

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

 

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/ https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

Yes.

 

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

Number of the owner of Twerion.net: [Private]

My mobile phone number: [Private]

 

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

First name: [Private]  
Surname: [Private]
