**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
I'm the copyright owner.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
I have been developing a Natural Language Processing project called [HanLP](https://github.com/hankcs/HanLP) on GitHub since 2014. And it was made open-source on 2015 under Apache-2.0. It contains codes, corpus, dictionaries and documentations. Every java file has a copyright header with it. It has been a successful project with many contributors. We are working together to achieve our open-source dream. But a contemptible user plagiarized all my work without a proper credit, what's more, he replaced all my signatures with his name! Pretended that he wrote them. His behavior hurt our hearts.  
[private]

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**  
As most files in the repository are copied from me with all my signatures tampered, a few files are copied from others(also sailed under false color), only few files are his own. So I suggested to take down the entire repository. This is the URL:   https://github.com/shibing624/xmnlp . Thank you!

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
I haven't done any search yet, but I think we should take down the headstream first.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
Yes, my work is under [Apache-2.0](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0). Based on Apache-2.0, it can only be redistributed under the following restrictions:  
Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the Work or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You meet the following conditions:  
You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices stating that You changed the files; and  

The plagiarist didn't write any notice stating he changed my files, instead he pretended to be the original author.
You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works that You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and attribution notices from the Source form of the Work, excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of the Derivative Works; and

The plagiarist didn't retain my copyright or attribution notices, instead he removed all of them.
You may add Your own attribution notices within Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed as modifying the License. You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and may provide additional or different license terms and conditions for use, reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or for any such Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use, reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies with the conditions stated in this License.

The plagiarist didn't add his copyright as addendum, instead he did a replacement, stealing my copyright from me.

The allegedly infringing files are in violation of the license, since the plagiarist replaced all my signatures with his. As if he wrote the whole project, which is actuarially wrote by me and all contributors in 3 years.

Here are some screenshots about what he had done.  
[private]

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  
Take the whole repository down please, otherwise remove all my codes from his repository (then his repo will become almost empty). Let the justice be done. Thank you!

**What changes the user could make to their repository to bring the project into compliance with the terms of my license.**  
If there exists a solution other than taking the whole repo down, then it must be  
* Either to remove all my codes  
* Either to restore all my copyright headers and signatures in every file he copied from me.  
* And he must apologize for his plagiarism on GitHub  

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
Sorry, I don't.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
Yes, I have confirmed that. I read it carefully then wrote my notice.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
Phone number: [private]  
Address: [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
[private]
