**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**
Yes

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Original source: https://github.com/masari-project/masari

Copyright infringed: https://github.com/fonero-project/fonero

For example, my initials [Private] are in their code, https://github.com/fonero-project/fonero/blob/master/src/cryptonote_basic/checkpoints.cpp#L221

Original source: https://github.com/masari-project/masari/blob/master/src/cryptonote_basic/checkpoints.cpp#L181

Another example from Bitcointalk (long after they refused to retain copyright notice), [Private] this shows original source in the Masari project in their repository without copyright notice.

Original source: https://github.com/masari-project/node-cryptonote-util/tree/msr

Copyright infringed: https://github.com/fonero-project/node-cryptonote-util

There are changes here that are made to make Masari compatible with this node-cryptonote-util fork (Masari is a fork of Monero with a heavily refactored code-base and caused incompatibilities with this repository)

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**

Listed fonero-project repositories need to be taken down (fonero and node-cryptonote-util), they've relentlessly refused to retain Masari's copyright notice.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

They're in violation of the open source license by refusing to retain copyright notice (clearly stated in section 1, https://github.com/masari-project/masari/blob/master/LICENSE).

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

They can retain copyright notice - the entire Masari codebase is a fully refactored version of Monero's (with full copyright retention in Masari) and the Fonero project is claiming it all as their own by refusing copyright notice.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**

I do not have their contact information, only through their Bitcointalk forum [Private]) and their Telegram group ([Private])

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

I have read the DMCA takedown guide, and have taken all recommended measures (i.e. asking nicely on their Telegram groups which got me banned, and on Bitcointalk which resulted in them denying evidence-backed allegations)

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

[Private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[Private]
