**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
Yes. I make it private first in my profile.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
[private] this is my repository I make it private. but he forked the entire repo and publish it in public without any permission. I already delete him as a contributor.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**  
https://github.com/kaka21garuda/ProjectM

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
No. I only know he is the only one that I know because he had the access to my private repo before.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
It is the right to change the code under the contributing process. But then I dispute his contribution because he messed up the code. and I told him to not contribute anymore. and he said "ok". and I deleted him as a contributor. But he push the project silently without any permission from me to put in his personal Github repo in PUBLIC while I make it secret as PRIVATE.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  
Just removel because it is a secret project. That's why I make it private.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
[private]  
[private]  

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  
"I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  
"I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
I read it

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
[private]  
