My name is [private]. I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice. I am the copyright owner of ProUI, a web template which is exclusively sold on Themeforest (themeforest.net) under the following licensing terms:

'The Regular License grants you, the Purchaser a non-exclusive, non-transferrable right to make use of the product that you acquire
(Product).' and '(d) Your use of the Product is limited to a single application.'

The full license can be found at:
http://themeforest.net/licenses

The original template, the 'ProUI - Responsive Bootstrap Admin Template' is owned by me. I own the exclusive copyrights and the template can be found for sale at:
http://themeforest.net/item/proui-responsive-bootstrap-admin-template/6769035 

It came to my attention that source code of ProUI is included in a public GitHub repository. The unauthorized and infringing copy can be found at the following public repositories:

https://github.com/agoronik/HRMGMTNew 
- ProUI code is included only in 'themeforest-6769035-proui-responsive-bootstrap-admin-template' folder of the repository

The owner should delete the specific folder in the repository. If he has purchased a license copy from Themeforest, then he can keep the repository/folder but must convert it to a private one. Exposing the source code of the template in a public repository violates ProUI's license.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Should you wish to discuss this with me please contact me directly.

Thank you.  

[private] <pixelcave>  
[private]    
Tel: [private]    

[private] - pixelcave.com  
[private]    
