"I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice."

**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

I am the copyright owner, I alone created the code at the provided link.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Code to my app. This is not fully correct code but it's my first app and I don't want it online for everyone to find. He tried to help me build the code with windows ndk-build , couldn't do it and now refuses to take it down. 

A link to my code: https://github.com/actsl/kiss_sdl/files/1030147/project1.zip

I asked him to take it down but he wont, he didn't add any content to this code it's 100% mine.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**

Everything should be taken down, this whole project , project 1.zip: https://github.com/actsl/kiss_sdl/files/1030147/project1.zip

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

I believe he has everything in this one project

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No it is not, I did not create a open source license or any type of license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

Permanently and for 100% remove the folder from GitHub .

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**

He post at the SDL forum as [Private] , that is all I know.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

[Private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[Private]
