**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

The copyright owner is the French Company: BETA ET COMPAGNIE SAS
Address: 16 rue André Campra, 93210 Saint-Denis, France.
As the legal counsel of the company BETA ET COMPAGNIE SAS, I, [private], am authorized to act on its behalf.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The Company BETA ET COMPAGNIE SAS is the owner of several intellectual property rights on the website www.viedemerde.fr and on a mobile app, “VDM”.

Therefore, this Company is the only owner :

-	of all the contents published on the website and the app VDM,
-	of the domain name “viedemerde”,
-	of the commercial names “vie de merde” and “VDM”.

Besides, two French registered trademarks protect the website’s and app’s name and logo:

The French trademark « VDM », registered under n°4278226, available on INPI’s website at :
https://bases-marques.inpi.fr/Typo3_INPI_Marques/marques_fiche_resultats.html?index=4&refId=4278226_201639_fmark&y=272

The French trademark « vie de merde », registered under n°3560094, available on INPI’s website at :
https://bases-marques.inpi.fr/Typo3_INPI_Marques/marques_fiche_resultats.html?index=1&refId=3560094_201633_fmark&y=0

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**

The app “QuoteReader” is available at the URL https://github.com/thibautperrin/QuoteReader and is infringing BETA ET COMPAGNIE SAS’s intellectual property rights.

According to its own description, QuoteReader is « A simple app that allows you to read quotes from VDM, DTC and NSF without ads. The app downloads the last 100 publications from each website and stores them for you, so that you can read them later without any internet connection.”

Then, QuoteReader is allowing people to download the protected contents of BETA ET COMPAGNIE’s website and app without any previous authorisation.

Therefore, this file is infringing:
-	BETA ET COMPAGNIE SAS’s copyrights on the content of the app and website
-	BETA ET COMPAGNIE SAS’s copyrights on the commercial name and registered trademarks “VDM”.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

We did not find any forks of the infringing repository.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

BETA ET COMPAGNIE SAS’s work it is not licensed under an open source license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

We believe that removal is the only solution for stopping the infringement of BETA ET COMPAGNIE SAS’s rights.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**

Name: [private]

Email: [private]

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

I did read the Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

Tel.: [private]

Address: [private]

Email : [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[private]
