**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

I am authorized to act on behalf of Odoo SA, the copyright owner.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The proprietary source code of Odoo Enterprise, from the following private repository:  
[private]

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**

The following repository should be taken down, as they contain a complete copy of the copyrighted code, and published without permission.
These were in fact late forks of repositories that were taken down by our previous DMCA takedown notice:  
https://github.com/oycl/enterprisess  
https://github.com/Cywaithaka/enterprisess  
https://github.com/im-root/enterprise  
https://github.com/tigersshi/ODOO11  
https://github.com/loctv/ODOO11  

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, they are listed above, as far as we could find them.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No, this work is licensed under a proprietary license, the Odoo Enterprise Edition License v1.0 (but published without authorization):  
[private]

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

Taking down the whole repository is the only solution.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**

No, I do not have their contact information.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

I have read the guide carefully.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

Odoo S.A.  
[private]  
Tel: [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[private]
