__Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?__

I am [Private] at Zalando SE. The code in the the three repositories at question are from the applications Fleek and Movemnt. Fleek is a product of the Mobile Fashion Discovery GmbH and Movemnt is a product of the Fashion Connectivity Technologies GmbH. Both are subsidiaries of Zalando SE. Zalando SE owns the copyright to the content in the repositories in question. I act on Zalando SE´s behalf.

__What work was allegedly infringed? If possible, please provide a URL:__

Fleek is a inspiration fashion app including blogging. https://www.fleek.de/ (Android app in google play store)

Movmnt is a mobile fashion outlet app. https://www.movmnt.de/

The three repositories in question contain code from the two products (including their mobile versions). Further the repositories contain key stores. A malicious user could extract key material and clone malicious versions of our software and thus harm users / commit fraud. The publisher of this code has left the company and was neither authorised to take this code with him nor was he at any time during his employment and after allowed to publish this code.

__What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:__

https://github.com/gavtyagi/MovmntAndroidAutomation

https://github.com/gavtyagi/Fleek

https://github.com/gavtyagi/MOVMNTEspressoTests

All three repositories must be taken down immediately. Please preserve any evidence as we are currently discussing to take further legal actions.

__Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.__

The investigation is ongoing.

__Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?__

The work is proprietary and not for release.

__What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?__

The code must be removed and evidence preserved. Also we need to know who downloaded the code. This is necessary to identify malicious activities using our source code and the involved key stores. Please make sure to preserve any evidence and do not alter the repositories. We currently discuss taking legal actions and the repositories content could serve as evidence. Also, please provide any hint about who might have gotten access to the code.

__Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:__

The name of the former employee is [Private]. His personal mail is listed in our records as [Private] We do not have more current records about him to date. (investigation is ongoing)

__Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."__

"I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."

__Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."__

"I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."

__Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/__

"I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice."

__So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:__

[Private]  
[Private]

__Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:__

[Private]
