__Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?__

I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

__What work was allegedly infringed? If possible, please provide a URL:__

[Private]

This is a private repository containing proprietary code and is not available to public viewing.

__What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:__

https://github.com/nikolayboyanov/web-kik

This repository is a direct copy of our repository since about a month ago, when the developer was let go and last had access to our code.

__Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.__

Yes, there are no forks.

__Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?__

The aforementioned repositories are proprietary and confidential. As such, the publishing of these repositories has not been authorized by the copyright holder.

__What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?__

The entirety of the aforementioned repository is infringing, and there is no remedy beyond deletion.

__Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:__

Skype: [Private]  
Email: [Private]  
Github: [Private]

He previously was a contractor that was let go about a month ago, and has published confidential, proprietary code of the company publicly without permission or authorization.

__Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."__

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

__Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."__

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

__Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/__

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

__So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:__

[Private]

__Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:__

[Private]
