July 13, 2017    
copyright@github.com    
DMCA Infringement Notice    

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed.

My name is [private]. I am the [private] of BYOND Software. My
site can be found here:

http://www.byond.com

Following up my earlier DMCA request for five repositories under the
user name "Redict", I was made aware of several other repositories that
had been forked from it. In turn I investigated to find several more
repositories forked from those. The following repositories are designed
to circumvent security measures, encryption, and other parts of my
software, and show others how to do so, in violation of federal
copyright law under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. All of them
originate, directly or indirectly, from the original five repositories
that were taken down and have the same functionality. The infringing
repositories are found at the following URLs:

https://github.com/Iamgoofball/ByondSpoofer  
https://github.com/Iamgoofball/ByondNoAD  
https://github.com/Iamgoofball/byondapi  
https://github.com/SijyKijy/byondapi  
https://github.com/SijyKijy/ByondNoAD  
https://github.com/SijyKijy/ByondSpoofer  
https://github.com/SijyKijy/ByondLoader  
https://github.com/optimumtact/RSCDepacker  

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials
described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the
copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into
consideration.

I have investigated the forked repositories and found them to be
substantially similar to the original Redict repositories from which
they were forked, maintaining the same infringing functionality.

In specific, these are the ways in which the entries infringe. They are
listed by name rather than URL because there is no significant
difference from the originals:

RSCDepacker: Decrypts resource files sent from server to client,
allowing arbitrary users access to a game's art and sound resources.

ByondSpoofer: Used to spoof a user's identity by intercepting system
calls used to determine a (theoretically) unique hardware ID. Spoofing
in this way can circumvent bans enacted by game hosts.

ByondLoader: Compiles a fake wsock32.dll replacement, used subsequently
for spoofing purposes. This is also required for ByondNoAD in at least
some implementations, as it can be used to load other libraries.

ByondNoAD: BYOND Software relies partly on ad revenue from ads shown
before a game is played, unless that user is a member of the site. This
project alters the software to bypass ads altogether, and therefore
bypasses a restriction placed on the usage of the software.

byondapi: Used as a general library for manipulating BYOND software, and
is used by the ByondSpoofer repository above. In specific, this library
is used to bypass the normal login process for the BYOND hub, a central
server that manages players, which normally requires an application in
the BYOND suite referred to as the BYOND pager.

All of the above are designed to circumvent either encryption or access
restrictions within the BYOND software, or facilitate other programs in
doing so. There is no modification that may be done to the above
repositories to remedy the infringement. They are infringing in their
entirety, and as the copyright owner I demand their expeditious and
permanent removal.

If you should require any further information please do not hesitate to
contact me by email at [private]. Please contact me immediately if
this notification is not in substantial compliance with the requirements
of the DMCA or Github's filing policy, or if some other problem arises
with respect to my request. I would also request notification of your
compliance with my request.

/s/ [private]  
BYOND Software    
[private]  
Telephone: [private]  
Email: [private]  
