**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
Yes

**What work was allegedly infringed? If possible, please provide a URL:**  
Our company offers since 2012 an international music streaming service ( www.deezer.com), through free and paying services (the "Deezer Services"), with a formidable presence on the Internet and has acquired renown in the music industry and among Internet users.

Our company owns or is the licensee of the intellectual property in, notably, of the Deezer Services, the Deezer trademarks, the website www.deezer.com and the corresponding mobile application "Deezer" available under iOS, Android and Windows systems. The Deezer Services as made available on the above mentioned website and mobile application, as well as our computer systems, servers and network are protected by extremely high level encryption.

 Amongst other things, security is set as to prohibit any other use than those stipulated in our Terms and Conditions (http://www.deezer.com/legal/cgu). Is prohibited notably the unauthorized download of music tracks.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**  
https://github.com/Djamana/DeezerDownload

 Please note that the user received a DMCA takedown request in 2017-02-06 (for the same content). The user is not respecting the DMCA Takedown Policy rules intentionally. We take legal matters very seriously and do not condone such conduct.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
Yes.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
No.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  
Remove entire repository.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
No.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

 
**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
Yes.

 
Thank you for your attention to this matter.  
[private]    
Deezer  
12 rue d'Athènes  
75009 Paris  
FRANCE  
