**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
Yes. We are Katalon Studio team.  
https://www.katalon.com/  

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
Katalon Studio is built on top of Selenium and Appium frameworks by utilizing eclipse and Java libraries. Katalon Studio is offered for free but closed source code. This GitHub account has publicly posted decompiled Katalon Studio source code to GitHub.  

Alleged Infringer URL: https://github.com/thelinh95/katalon  

Katalon Studio original: [private]  

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**  
We would like to request to take down immediately the repository.  
URL: https://github.com/thelinh95/katalon  

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
We believe the repository has not been forked by others account at the moment. Would GitHub please help us search for any forks of the Katalon Studio source code.  

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
No, Katalon Studio is a closed source application. This is Katalon Studio License Agreement. https://www.katalon.com/license-agreement/  

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  
We would like to request GitHub to take down immediately the repository and give warning to the account's owner (thelinh95).  

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
Unfortunately, we do not have the alleged infringer’s contact information.  

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  
"I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."  

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  
"I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."  

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
Yes, we have read the Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice.  

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
[private]  
Phone: [private]  
Fax: [private]  
Email: [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
Katalon Studio Team  
https://www.katalon.com/  

[private]  
