Hi there, my name is [private], [private] at Sisense. In a recent cursory review of Github we identified a repo of a former employee of the organization of published proprietary (with sensitive internal information) code to their personal repo. Can you please assist with a take down? We have tried reaching out with known contact info, but have come up short. I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.  I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Repos in question:

Overall Repo which is Sisense's QA team's code for the functional "Pivot2-tests"  
https://github.com/orelse94/pivot2-tests

specific example (creds of other employee)  
https://github.com/orelse94/pivot2-tests/blob/f5718cd18688a1f47971c45b4d2b46c3b6b23408/10-50-4-19/pivot1-58494f80f522d8541a0000a6.js#L13

former employee's sisense email address referenced  
https://github.com/orelse94/pivot2-tests/blob/f5718cd18688a1f47971c45b4d2b46c3b6b23408/pivot1/58c699ceec1c6c502b000070-widget-58c69a06ec1c6c502b000073-orel.katz%40sisense.com.txt

exposure of internal IP addresses  
https://github.com/orelse94/pivot2-tests/blob/f5718cd18688a1f47971c45b4d2b46c3b6b23408/10-50-4-19/pivot1-58494f80f522d8541a0000a6.js#L33

Explain what the affected user would need to do in order to remedy the infringement.

Remove the repo.

Provide your contact information.

[private]

[private]

[private]

Provide contact information, if you know it, for the alleged infringer.

mobile number for [private] - [private]

Include your physical or electronic signature.

[private]
