DearGithub,   
   
    
   
Thank you for your reply! According to your e-mail, we already update the DMCA takedown notice, thanks for your reminded.   
   
           
   
Please accept this DMCA notice of infringementand delete request filed by Shanghai Baison Software Co.,Ltd. and takedown the links referenced below.I have read and understood GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.   
   
                
   
When we visited the public GitHub on August 21, 2019, our security team found that github's publicly stored repository infringes the copyright of our company. The copyrighted work is proprietary software and related code for the Baison E3 e-commerce platform software. This is a set of online and offline integrated e-commerce solutions provided by e-commerce for traditional brand enterprises in the fashion industry. It is a commercial product whose code is completely protected by copyright ，Attached is the software copyright certificate of the product.That  belongs to Shanghai Baison Software Co., Ltd.   
   
           
   
The unauthorized and infringing material can be found at:   
   
[private]  

[private]  
   
https://github.com/Catfeeds/yarui   
   
https://github.com/Catfeeds/e3_qpl   
   
https://github.com/0dayso/e3_qpl   
   
These entire repositories all infringe the copyright of baison, and must be completely removed, thank you very much!   
   
I have a good faith belief  that use of the copyrighted materialsdescribed above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyrightowner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.   
   
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that theinformation in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner,or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that isallegedly infringed. The following is our contact information:   
   
My name：[private]  
   
Cellphone：[private]   
   
Email：[private]   
   
CompanyName：Shanghai Baison Software Co.,Ltd   
   
CompanyAddress：5th Floor, Building 2, Lujiazui Software Park, No. 100, Lane 91,  Emshan Road , Pudongxin District, Shanghai City   
   
Website：http://www.baison.com.cn/   
   
    
   
Looking forward to your reply. Thanks a lot!   
   
My signature:   
