We sincerely thank you for your patience in replying to our email. It has been a pleasure to be able to use GitHub as a professional and efficient platform, and now we have an appeal that we really want to support and address.

I am [private] of Nanjing Meiyuxiu Network Technology Co., Ltd. My name is [private].

In recently our company employees in making creates a named repository, called "Meiyu" ,Before deleting，the address is: [private], this is a AppStore online iOS project, which contains the key of "push", "key" live, "sharing key", "network request encryption algorithm", "encryption algorithm" and other important information.

Shortly after uploading, we deleted the repository, but Later found that before we deleted,the user named ListFranz completely forked our entire Repository,and it still exists. The repository address: https://github.com/ListFranz/Meiyu

So we hope you can help us remove this repository completely as soon as possible, thank you very much!

The following is our contact information:

Company Name: [private] [private]

My Name: [private] [private]

My e-mail Address: private(mailto:[private])

Tellphone : [private] [private]

Company Address: [private] [private]

Website: [private] [private]


I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

And Also include the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.


Hoping for your response,and thanks again.


[private]
