Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?

Yes.

Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.

The original work is confidential internal source code owned by SHENZHEN LAN-YOU TECHNOLOGY CO.,ltd. It is a distributed net drive system been integrated into our IM software called CC. Website:http://cc.szlanyou.com

What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:

This 3 files mentions below is an exact copy of the internal source code:https://github.com/hugoDD/jeebase

The proof is that we have copyright notice in the comments of our codes, which is included as well in the user’s code. For example:

https://github.com/hugoDD/jeebase/blob/43a33e864768950822d368937d44a2c43e175725/jbase-common/src/main/java/com/common/plugin/web/controller/BaseTreeTableController.java

line 2 to line 4

https://github.com/hugoDD/jeebase/blob/43a33e864768950822d368937d44a2c43e175725/jbase-common/src/main/java/com/common/repository/hibernate/intercptor/TreeListener.java

line 2 to line 4

https://github.com/hugoDD/jeebase/blob/43a33e864768950822d368937d44a2c43e175725/jbase-common/src/main/java/com/common/repository/hibernate/TreeHandle.java

line 2 to line 4

The copyright notice is introduced in Chinese witch goes “

* Copyright (c) 2015 深圳联友科技有限公司

* http://www.szlanyou.com

* CC网盘开发小组

”

means “

* Copyright (c) 2015 SHENZHEN LAN-YOU TECHNOLOGY CO.,ltd.

* http://www.szlanyou.com

* CC Net Drive Developement Team

”

In Chinese

LAN-YOU is the name of our company.

It is clear that the user upload a copy of those three files from out company and integrated into his own project. We believe that these files should be taken down.

 

Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.


Yes. We believe this to be the only remaining fork.


Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?


It is not licensed under an open source license.


What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?


It needs to be removed.


Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:


Although we tried to contact them. We failed, due to the lack of contact information beyond their github account.


Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."


I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.


Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."


I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.


Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/


Yes, I have read this.


So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:


My phone number is [private]. My address is:  

[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]

Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:

[private]
