**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**

Yes, I am [private] of [Le Wagon](https://www.lewagon.com), a company owning the IP on the bootcamp training material.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Our repository of exercises is a private repo: [private]

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**

This whole repo https://github.com/jasgbur/fullstack-challanges was clearly stolen from us (maybe through a student). jasgbur was never a student of ours. You can see that he poorly try to hide his crime with the following commit:   https://github.com/jasgbur/fullstack-challanges/commit/f8f05f1806a055844103b577cdefefca2c0d2aad

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

There are some other repositories from other user **who are not Le Wagon students** that should be taken down if possible:

- https://github.com/jasgbur/fullstack-challanges (notice the latest commit)   
- https://github.com/leodseth/lewagonbar   
- [private] 
- [private]  
- [private]  
- https://github.com/EmeerahKaluf/my-fullstack-challenges-review  

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

This work is not under an open source license

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Our school is a paying school, it is clearly stealing so the repos should be removed, if possible.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**

Unfortunately I don't.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

I have

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

[private]  
Le Wagon   
[private]  
[private]  
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[private]
