Hello Github，

 We are Experian(china). It is nice to be able to use Github such a professional and efficient platform, and now we have a need to be very hopefully able to get Github's support and resolution.

 We have read and understand GitHub's Guide to filing a DMCA Notice.

 Our company created a Repository called "collectsmcf"  in  2017 ,  which contained creators and contents are all owned by the company.  Later found that before we deleted, the user named "Ronnie08" completely forked our entire repository, and it still exists.

The following is Github's URL and Screenshots about our forked repository.

[private]

Since "collectsmcf" contains the company's important source code, algorithm and system configuration information, belonging to the company's internal data assets, so we hope github as soon as possible to help us completely remove "Ronnie08/collectsmcf" and thank you very much!

 The following is our contact information:

Company Name: Experian(china) CO.,LTD.  
My e-mail Address: [private]  
Cellphone: [private]  
Company Address: [private]  
Website: www.experian.com.cn

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is  not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration".  And "Also include the following statement:"I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate  and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right   that is allegedly infringed.

 Hoping for your response and thanks again.

Best Regards,

[private]
