**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**

Yes.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The code contains ad hoc code written for multiple services from InMobi demand stack.  
Most of the code is written in the form of tests and does not give away the actual logic, but still describes our internal contract and database schemas.  
Specifically, it contains snippets from advertiser service, budget service, metadata service and network-batch-processor.  
There are codes related to campaign creation, ad lifecycle, budget manipulation, geo targeting, etc.  
QA endpoints and QA credentials are also mentioned for some VMs and databases.  
All of the endpoints and credentials are obsolete now and were changed more than 2 years ago.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**

https://github.com/codeisfun/api/tree/master/src/test/java/test/inmobi

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

The above link is the only place where we have seen.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

The work is not covered under any open source license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Please remove.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**

No.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

We have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: available at https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

[private]  
[private], InMobi  
[private]
