**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**

Yes.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

I created two repositories called "ebupt-analytics" and "ebupt-analytics-web" two years ago, which were both part of a project to do website analytics. The problem is that the repository contains proprietary company code, system configuration information as well as the name of the company “ebupt”, thus existing huge security threat. After I deleted the repositories, I found the user (org) named AppSecAI-TEST completely forked the two entire repositories. The hosted contents are direct, literal copies of your work, unmodified in code contents as of now. The unauthorized and infringing copy can be found at these two sites:

https://github.com/AppSecAI-TEST/ebupt-analytics  
https://github.com/AppSecAI-TEST/ebupt-analytics-web

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**

https://github.com/AppSecAI-TEST/ebupt-analytics  
https://github.com/AppSecAI-TEST/ebupt-analytics-web

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes I have searched, and there is no fork that needs such attention that I found of the two infringing repositories.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

I do not think the two repositories are under any open source license. Not that I am aware of.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Complete removal is needed.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**

http://github.com/appSecAI-TEST/  
I couldn't find any personal or organizational contact information on there.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

Yes.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[private]
