**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I'm [private] of the company which has the ownership of the exposed code.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

On the repository under: https://github.com/taichobu/SinCola

There are copies of our work, source code of several projects, configuration files containing sensitive information about our company and third parties (clients).

We need to take that repository down inmediately, because it's affecting our image and is itself a grave security breach that leaves some of our systems exposed to be attacked.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

This complete repository on its own: https://github.com/taichobu/SinCola

Every single part of it belongs to our company, Grupo SinCola Internacional, SAPI de CV (México).

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

We haven't found any additional repository containing our information or copies of our work, however we do not discard that possibility in the future.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No, our code is not open, is the base of our company operation.. The single action of publishing a single line of code from our private repositories (outside GitHub) is a violation itself..

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The only solution is to take that repository down entirely.. We don't know the person who published it, so he or she doesn't have any permission from our part to even possess any portion of our code.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

We don't know that person, so we cannot provide any contact information about him or her.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

Yes

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

Yes

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

Yes

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

Yes

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Company: Grupo SinCola Internacional, SAPI de CV  
RFC: [private]  
Address: [private]   
Phones: [private]  
My personal phone: [private]  
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**  

[private]  
