Dear Sir / Madam:  
  
   
  
This is a Notice in accordance with the Information Technology Act, 2000 and the Information Technology (Intermediary Guidelines) Rules, 2011 framed there under, regarding the violation of Dharma Productions., (Rights Holders) exclusive rights under the Copyright Act, 1957 through the intermediarys web portal. The unauthorized distribution may also violate the Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act (OCILLA) a part of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998.  
  
   
  
Dharma Productions., is the owner of copyrighted work of the content mentioned below.  
  
   
  
Dharma Productions., is also the owner of various trademarks associated with the movies.  
  
   
  
We have found that the Dharma Productions content are being illegally made available on your website which is a violation of Rights Holders exclusive rights under the Copyright Act.  
  
   
  
Below are the URL for your reference:  
  
   
  
https://github.com/AB-AppDev/PU.CO.SE2/blob/d464044317ce069ee724669e796c7c7884274620/THOP_TV%20APP.apk  
  
https://github.com/Levancio/Levancio/blob/08c104d77c68a2dddb71521a83f81dbf4ead81e9/THOPTV-V20.0.apk  
  
https://github.com/Levancio/Levancio/blob/49ba760ae2d213806d82b6ccf6f0808b106fbcf4/thoptvapp.apk  
  
https://github.com/Levancio/Levancio/blob/9f908be1c0ee30b8ca138d546b26c12089fca5e3/thoptv.apk  
  
https://github.com/Levancio/Levancio/blob/d6a42e2cb61f0e3e7b49e4cc1b4a8a81e728afb4/Thoptv.apk  
  
https://github.com/Levancio/Levancio/blob/fbdfb678f61e77e40fbd1874b6ca62fab3fcbd5f/thoptv%2010.0.apk  
  
https://github.com/tamil2004/tamil4/blob/7f243f89a0a69fda4c84d741ffdfb166491f8700/home/elcot/Downloads/%5BLinux%5D_THOPTV_v36.AppImage  
  
   
  
In light of the foregoing, we hereby demand that you immediately cease such unlawful activities and take steps to ensure that, in the future, your Website does not infringe upon Rights Holders exclusive rights under copyright. Without limitation, we demand that you immediately cease and desist from using the Website to directly or indirectly cause, contribute to, enable, facilitate, aid, abet, induce, encourage, and/or participate in the infringement of Rights Holders copyrighted works, including but not limited to the Intellectual Property as identified.  
  
   
  
We believe this information is sufficient for you to locate and cease the infringing activities complained about herein. We are providing this notice based on our good faith belief that the use of the content owned by Rights Holders in the manner occurring via Website is not authorized by the copyright owners, their agents, or the law. The information in this notification is accurate.  
  
   
  
Under penalty of perjury, we, Aiplex Software Pvt. Ltd, are the authorized Online Anti-Piracy Solution Providers write to you on behalf of Dharma Productions., Our details may be found on the signature page authorized to act on behalf of the owners of the exclusive rights that are being infringed. This letter is without prejudice to the rights and remedies of Rights Holders, all of which are expressly reserved.  
  
   
  
AUTHORIZATION LETTER FOR PROOF  
  
[private]  
  
   
  
DIGITAL SIGNATURE FOR COPYRIGHT CLAIM  
  
Authorized Online Antipiracy solution provider for Dharma Productions.,  
  
[private]    
  
Sr. Consultant Enforcement,  
  
Aiplex Software Private Limited,  
  
N Cube Centre, # 91A  
  
3rd Floor, Ideal Homes Circle  
  
Next to Nimishambha Temple  
  
Rajarajeshwari Nagar, Bengaluru-560 098  
  
E-mail: [private]  
  
Website: www.aiplex.com  
