To Whom it May Concern:

My name is [private], and I am [private] for Akamai Technologies, Inc. (“Akamai”). I have read and understand GitHub’s Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice, and I am submitting this letter to request the removal of certain content (further described below) that infringes one or more of Akamai’s copyrights and/or constitutes an impermissible use of Akamai’s proprietary information. Specifically, Akamai noticed that, at the two links included below, its proprietary code and other confidential information has been posted to GitHub:

[private]    

https://github.com/godtoy/akamai-web-sensor-mock  

.gitignore  

data.txt  

web.akamai.ts  

webgl.ts  

 

For the sake of clarity, all of the code and information available at the above-noted links is Akamai’s proprietary code, Akamai’s confidential information, or information or code that was impermissibly derived from the foregoing. Thus, the referenced content should be deleted. I have a good faith belief that the use of the copyrighted material described above is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration. I swear under penalty of perjury that, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. To the extent that you have questions regarding, or otherwise would like to discuss, this takedown request, please do not hesitate to contact me at [private], or by phone at [private].

 

Best regards,

/[private]/  

[private]  

Akamai Technologies, Inc.
