This Notice is sent in accordance with the provisions of both the DMCA under US law, and the provisions of Indian Copyright Law.

 

 

Dear Sir/Madam,

 

This is to inform you of the infringement of the rights to content to which ALT Digital Media Entertainment Ltd. and their parent company (i.e. ALTBalaji) has / have their rights. ALTBALAJI is a company incorporated under the laws of India and a subsidiary of Balaji Telefilms Ltd. Their registered office is at 302 Satyadev Plaza, Balaji House, Dalia Industrial Estate, Off New Link Road, Andheri (West), Mumbai-400 053. ALTBALAJI are the domain owners of the website www.altbalaji.com and the mobile application ALTBALAJI, that is available on Google Play and Apple Store platforms, respectively.

 

We write to you on behalf of ALTBALAJI, and with the authorisation of ALTBALAJI. Our details are found on the signature page below. The information contained in this notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, we represent that we are authorized to act on behalf of ALTBALAJI (Our letter of authorization can be viewed by clicking on the secured URL below).

 

It has come to the Notice of ALTBALAJI that the following infringes the rights in content to which ALTBALAJI has their rights to the online content that is being made accessible to users on your website github.com.

 

Specifically, the content in which ALTBALAJI rights are being infringed by you include the infringement of the rights subsisting in and associated with the following programme(s) broadcast on the website and mobile platforms, on the following URLs:

 

https://github.com/apkproz/ThopTV/blob/master/thoptv_v40.apk

[private]

 

We have a good faith belief that your use of the Infringing Content in the manner described above of is not authorized by the copyright owner, or the law. The rights being infringed by you, among others, include copyright, trade mark rights, broadcast reproduction rights, misuse of show titles, mobile applications and all other platforms, that will render you liable to the initiation of civil proceedings and criminal action.

 

If you believe you are exploiting ALTBALAJIs content with a valid license, please provide us with full particulars of the licensors and the terms of the license for our immediate verification.

 

In light of your infringement of the rights subsisting in content to which ALTBALAJI has rights, we demand that:

(i) You immediately disable all access to the Infringing Content, and remove the same from your systems and all systems controlled by you;

(ii) You delete and destroy all copies of the Infringing Content, and that a senior officer of your organisation certify to the same;

(iii) You immediately cease and desist (i) promoting, selling, publishing, displaying, transmitting and/or distributing the Infringing Content in any form and in any media, medium or technologies anywhere in the world;

(iv) You provide us a written undertaking confirming the cessation of all your infringing activities in accordance with the requisitions herein immediately from the receipt of this Notice you, along with an account of the profits you have made by your exploitation of the Infringing Content.

ALTBALAJI, along with their agents vigilantly protects their intellectual property rights and reserves the right to take whatever further action it deems fit if you fail to comply with the above demands. For the avoidance of any doubt any failure to comply with this Notice may subject you to legal proceedings without further notice.

 

This Notice does not constitute a waiver or relinquishment of any right or remedy that ALTBALAJI may have in relation to this matter. All such rights and remedies available under the applicable law are hereby reserved accordingly.

 

AUTHORIZATION LETTER FOR PROOF

[private]

 

DIGITAL SIGNATURE FOR COPYRIGHT CLAIM

Authorized online digital content production representative for ALT Digital Media Entertainment Ltd.

 

[private]

[private],

Aiplex Software Private Limited,

N Cube Centre, # 91A

3rd Floor, Ideal Homes Circle

Next to Nimishambha Temple

Rajarajeshwari Nagar, Bengaluru-560 098

E-mail: [private]

Website: www.aiplex.com
