**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

We, EdVoid, are the copyright owner of the "BBB-AWS-S3", We are Group of Developers, who provide managed services for Commercial clients. During this process we also made an project, now which want to make it private.

One of the Person forked our project, and we want to take it down. You can see all past commits in that repo was done by my account.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

We are a Indian Ed-Tech company and the owner and sole distributor of "BBB-AWS-S3"

This module is available to download for free. You can see this repo https://github.com/mesutcakir/BBB-AWS-S3 This file was written by me and you can still see past commits history.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

We prefer this whole repository should be taken down.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, Just remove this fork https://github.com/mesutcakir/BBB-AWS-S3

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No, its not open source license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

No, this repository can't be made private, Just take it down.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

[private]  
https://github.com/mesutcakir

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
