Dear [private],  
  
   
  
Thank you for your assistance in connection with this matter. However, the Github user sfeakes continues to post infringing document in the Github Wiki. Specifically:  
  
   
  
* Copyrighted work infringed:  
  
   
  
Zodiac Pool Systems LLC (“Zodiac”) is the owner of the attached confidential document “AquaLink RS Software and PCB Revisions Nov., 2011.”    
  
   
  
* Infringing Material:  
  
   
  
This notice is to report that an unauthorized reproduction of the “AquaLink RS Software and PCB Revisions Nov., 2011.” document is being and hosted at Github in violation of Zodiac's copyright at the following links:  
  
·         https://github.com/sfeakes/AqualinkD/wiki/Jandy-AqualinkRS-Revisions  
  
·        [private]  
  
   
  
* Further Takedown Request:  
  
   
  
This letter is official notification under Section 512(c) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"), and we seek the immediate removal of the above-identified document from the noted user account and Github servers.  
  
   
  
We have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing user account is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. We have taken fair use into consideration.  
  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the exclusive right mentioned above that is infringed. This notice is submitted without prejudice to Zodiac's rights, legal or equitable, all of which are expressly reserved herein. We look forward to hearing from you.  
  
   
  
Sincerely,  
  
/s/ [private]
  
Authorized legal representative for Zodiac Pool Systems LLC  
  
   
  
[private]  
  
McDermott Will & Emery LLP  18565 Jamboree Road, Suite 250, Irvine, CA 92612-2565  
  
Tel [private]  |  Mobile [private]  |  Email [private]
