**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Repository https://github.com/MCarlomagno/CarDrivingResNet includes code from my repository https://github.com/ntakouris/posenet-dino-game also posted with a different licence (bsd rather than apache 2).

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

More specifically, copyrighted code includes the model loading - model polling loop - model mapping to game actions logic. Some variables have been renamed.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The file that needs to be taken down is the following: https://github.com/MCarlomagno/CarDrivingResNet/blob/master/index.js  
as it is tightly correlated with most of the code in original file https://github.com/ntakouris/posenet-dino-game/blob/master/index.html

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

The repository is not a fork of the project.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

Apart from the copyright issue (not mentioning the source of the code and the entity that wrote it / me), the code is also posted with a different license -- BSD instead of Apache 2.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The repository can be made private. Credibility can be mentioned for the original author.

In all cases, the license should change to Apache 2 and copyright notices must be put in the files.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
