**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am the author of my examination work performed at the STEP Computer Academy in the Kyiv branch. My classmate copied this work and passes it off as his own.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The original work was done by me and was added to GitHub on January 10, 2020, to this (https://github.com/liannoi/exam-html-css) repository. On July 28, 2020, a classmate of mine posted the same work, but on his own behalf. Thus, violating the terms of Apache License 2.0, under which my repository was from the very beginning.

The license has been removed and the README file has been rewritten. If you compare the index.html and style.css files, they will be absolutely identical.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/YaroslavPolishchuk/Html_Exam_Bootstrap

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

I have only found one fork of my original work that infringes my copyright and that fork is this work: https://github.com/YaroslavPolishchuk/Html_Exam_Bootstrap

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

Yes, the work is under Apache License 2.0 (https://github.com/liannoi/exam-html-css/blob/master/LICENSE). When using files - the license is completely violated.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Under the Apache License 2.0, which my original work is under, any fork must comply with the license requirements. Otherwise, as the copyright holder of this work, I demand that this work be removed from open access.

Of course, the use of this work is permitted, but only under the Apache License 2.0. To bring the forked repository in line, the offender must:

- Add attribution (link to original work) and license to forked work  
- Indicate changes made to forked work

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

Unfortunately, there is no contact information with the violator, since he no longer studies with me.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

+[private]

[private]  
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
