**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

As [private] for SAS Institute Inc. I am authorized to act on the company's behalf regarding its intellectual property.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

It has come to our attention that various copyrighted works published by SAS Institute Inc. (“SAS”), including books, manuals and other documentation related to SAS software are available on your web site without SAS’ knowledge or permission. Pursuant to §17 USC 512(c) (3) (A) this notice serves as a statement that SAS is the rights holder for the content at https://github.com/cary-sas/Free-SAS-Books-2020 and these rights are being violated by having the work published on your website and available for download.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/cary-sas/Free-SAS-Books-2020 (the entire repository)

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

n/a

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No, the content at https://github.com/cary-sas/Free-SAS-Books-2020 is not available under an open source license - the official copyright notice is noted within the content. The GPL-3.0 license included with the content is inaccurate and not authorized.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Please remove or disable access to the material as it appears on your site in as expedient a manner as possible.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

SAS Institute Inc.  
Building A  
SAS Campus Drive  
Cary, NC 27513

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
