Hello Github team!

With respect to my work (Snoop Project, hereinafter simply Snoop), copyright was maliciously violated by the user Soxoj.

I defend  
The repository in respect of which the copyright has been infringed  
https://github.com/snooppr/snoop  

Ifringer repository  
https://github.com/soxoj/maigret  

Snoop  
According to the license, my repository is open source (Demo version).  
And closed source (Full Version).  

In Full Version I have an encrypted Snoop database (I will transfer the encrypted databasedecryption algorithm in this letter).
The center of the repository is a unique database (encrypted and used in the Full version). This is the 'BDfull' file https://github.com/snooppr/snoop/blob/master/BDfull  

With respect to my database, Soxoj has violated and continues to violate my copyright.

I tried to settle the situation with him personally, but was refused.

Below I am transmitting comprehensive evidence of my copyright infringement regarding my Snoop Project.  

[private]

Evidence screenshots  
This is a telegram chat  
[private]  
[private]  
It is said that he has a full Snoop base  
[private]  
Soxoj has publicly announced that it intends to add data from Snoop to its tool  
[private]  
Calls nonsense copyright  
[private]  
Publicly declares that Snoop will transfer the entire database to its software

2) Evidence that he decompiled Snoop Full Version and accessed the decrypted Snoop database

It uses links and active names from the encrypted database (without changing them). See Appendix.

I analyzed the latest commits and took screenshots between databases.

I also made a commit adding sites like 'DTF', 'vc', 'Tjournal' to my encrypted Snoop database. A few hours later, a commit from Soxoj comes out, where he adds these sites to his database, using my work, see screenshots from the commit.diff.zip.  
https://github.com/snooppr/snoop/commit/b3f84a8dc35546b98bc111d0a6c4ad10d4bb82d9  
https://github.com/snooppr/snoop/commit/c1ed2a94479e2bcafe8141fe78e15ab8beafb342  
https://github.com/soxoj/maigret/commit/ab9a340ea64f684c5ea1f35b1b665eba994b11f1  

I am sending you the decoding key of my encrypted database 'BDfull' and the algorithm how to decode the database (python3 script) and get its open view and compare (confirmation of my screenshots).  

An example of plagiarism and appropriation of someone else's labor Soxoj copies not only links (which need to be investigated on each site), but also errors Soxoj copies not only the links (which need to be investigated on each site), but also the errors that are in the encrypted 'BDFull Snoop'. It should be like this: [private]

Appendix to the report:  
More examples in diff.zip file  
[private]  
[private]  

Soxoj's biggest commit about violation  
https://github.com/soxoj/maigret/commit/866d510c085ced50ff87085ee79e424e33a4de2c  

Instructions for decrypting BDfull (Snoop Project).  
[private]  

Please note this is confidential information and I ask you to treat it as important data
3) [private]  

[private]  

I am a developer (copyright holder [private]) of the Snoop Project  
(confirmation - my signed file 'Requirements').  
Telephone: [private]  
Residence address:  
[private]  

Violator's contact information  
[private] (telegram)  
Intruder's repository  
https://github.com/soxoj/maigret  

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice.  

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.  

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  

I have taken fair use into consideration.

Signature:  
[private]
