**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I created the files in question.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

All of the files under the 'Code' directory have been copied and modified from my other repo (https://github.com/davwheat/VoiceGPS-FiveM) which is licensed under CC-BY-NC-SA, which does not permit derivative works (such as these modified files).

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/themonthofjune/FiveM-VoiceGPS-Releases/

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes. There are no other forks.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

The repo in question has the MIT license, but the files in question were never a part of that repository, and thus are covered by the CC-BY-NC-SA license in the source code repository. The infringing repo also gives the impression that the code dump is covered under the MIT license, when it is not.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Removal is the best way forward as this repo contains outdated code, and the up-to-date source repo is available.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

You can email me at [private]v, the email on this form or via post at:

[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
