VIA ELECTRONIC MAIL

GitHub, Inc.

Attn: DMCA Agent

88 Colin P Kelly Jr St

San Francisco, CA. 94107

copyright@github.com

Re: Notice of Copyright Infringement Pursuant to 17 U.S.C. § 512 at
Web Address https://github.com/georgebarclay/AshleyMadison (IP Address:
192.30.252.128)

To Whom It May Concern:

Our firm represents Avid Life Media, Inc. and its related entities
(collectively, “ALM”) with respect to intellectual property and other
matters.

This letter is to notify GitHub, Inc. and all related entities thereto
(“GitHub”) that the content hosted at
https://github.com/georgebarclay/AshleyMadison (192.30.252.128) infringes
the intellectual property rights of ALM. Specifically, the infringing files
contain exact identical copies of ALM’s copyrighted works, namely, extensive
reproductions of software source code.

In order to expedite the removal of the infringing content, we are
submitting this Notice of Copyright Infringement and request that GitHub
expeditiously remove or disable access to the material hosted at
https://github.com/georgebarclay/AshleyMadison (192.30.252.128), as required
under 17 U.S.C. § 512. I also hereby note I have read and understand
GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice. Although our investigation of this
infringement is ongoing, the following sets forth the statutorily required
elements of our Notice of Copyright Infringement:

(1) [private], through the law firm of DLA Piper LLP (US), is
authorized to act on behalf of ALM as its legal counsel. ALM is the owner of
an exclusive right that is claimed to be infringed. The signature of [private] is set forth below.

(2) The copyrighted work that is being infringed is an extensive
amount of proprietary software source code owned by ALM.

(3) The work located at
https://github.com/georgebarclay/AshleyMadison (192.30.252.128) is
infringing on ALM’s exclusive copyright rights and should be removed or
disabled.

(4) Contact information:

[private]

DLA Piper LLP (US)

500 Eighth Street, NW

[private]

(5) ALM and [private] have a good faith belief that use of the
material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright
owner, its agent, or the law.

(6) The information in this Notice of Copyright Infringement is
accurate, and under penalty of perjury, [private] is authorized to act on
behalf of ALM, the owner of an exclusive right that is being infringed.

Thank you for your prompt attention to this matter. If you require any
clarification of the above information in order to expeditiously remove or
disable access to the infringing content, please contact me right away.

Best regards,

DLA Piper LLP (US)

[private]
