I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice. My name is [private] and I am [private] at B&P Automation Dynamics, a privately held Automation Manufacturer based in Shenzhen, China. I am authorized to speak on behalf of B&P Automation Dynamics'.

There are 4 pieces of our software, created by our company that have been posted within a GitHub Repository. 
These file/folder names are;1) API, 2) TestZone.xcodeproj, 3) TestZone, and 4) TestZoneTest. Within each of each folder are many individual files necessary to assemble our proprietary Electro-mechanical assembly. The Branch Master name is B-P-TestZone/.

The link to these files on the GitHub site is as follows; https://github.com/thebman1312/B-P-Test-Zone/tree/21a4f9cfa933a68b26ceee526e60ece2cfff16be. Note that these 4 individual files within this folder and all of the files located within each individual folder are all property of B&P Automation Dynamics. We believe that these files were stolen and Chinese officials are investigating this issue now. Our engineering staff has concluded that this hosted content is a direct, literal copy of our software code in support of an electro-mechanical assembly for a U.S. based customer. As an explanation of what the affected user needs to do to remedy this issue, all folders and each folder's content must be removed from the GitHub repository completely and immediately. 

My Contact Information is as follows; [private] The user name of the allege infringer is "thebman1312". If the infringer is identified, we would like this person’s contact information so we may proceed with legal action. I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Regards, [private]
