We write on behalf of Zira (Copyrights on the Internet) Ltd. which represents the following Israeli TV networks: Channel 2, Channel 24, Big brother, Children’s channel, The good life channel, Viva, Viva +, Sport 5, Sport 5 LIVE, Sport 5+ . The TV Networks represented by Zira (Copyrights on the Internet) Ltd., own and/or control worldwide broadcast rights for their television channels.

We have noticed that the URLs listed below are offering/selling access to (A/V) content from Channel 2, Channel 24, Children’s channel, Sport 5, Sport 5+, Sport 5 LIVE, The good life channel, Viva, Viva + television channels at the following URLs:

1. https://github.com/kodi-il/live-il

We wish to make you aware that your present, unauthorized display of such A/V content and of such trademarks is an infringement of the channels listed above exclusive intellectual property rights under national and international copyright laws. On behalf of Zira (Copyrights on the Internet) Ltd., I hereby demand that you immediately cease all such infringements on any and all web sites (and elsewhere) and confirm to NetResult within two (2) business days of the date of this letter, via return email, that you have done so. Your failure to comply with this demand will expose to you civil and criminal liability. Govern yourself accordingly.

Nothing in this letter is intended or shall be construed to constitute an express or implied waiver of any of Zira’s rights or remedies, all of which are expressly reserved.

Formal Declaration:

I hereby state that the channels represented by Zira (Copyrights on the Internet) Ltd. are the sole owners of the rights referenced above, and that NetResult is authorized to act on their behalf with respect to internet monitoring and compliance.

On behalf of the owners of the exclusive rights with respect to the content at issue in this notice, I hereby state that I have a good faith belief that use of such A/V in the manner complained of is not authorized by the owner, its agent, or the law.

I, [private], as a representative of NetResult hereby digitally sign this e-mail message under penalty of perjury under the laws of the United States of America with the additional statement under penalty of perjury that the information in the notice is accurate.

We thank you for your cooperation.

Yours sincerely,

[private]
