Dear Github DMCA Agent:

I am a software engineer of [private][PRIVATE][/private].

We recently found that using [private][PRIVATE][/private] as
github search keyword can found our team's full repo here:

https://github.com/sdgdsffdsfff/code

finally, we figure out this was a fork repo that forked from one of our
team member's repo, we are so sorry that due to our negligence, he
pushed this onto github because he is a new guy that didn't even know
this was private staff. He had already deleted that repo and even
deleted his github account
[private][PRIVATE][/private] after we found this.

But unfortunately, that forked repo are currently still accessable on
github. we've tried to get in touch with
https://github.com/sdgdsffdsfff/code 's owner and explained everything
to him to let him delete it, but he told us that he had forgotten his
github password but promise us he will try to reset his password and
delete it. Many days had passed, He just didn't do it.

So we decide to try to get in touch with Github DMCA Agent, and please
help us to delete it permanentlly

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

I have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by
the copyright or intellectual property owner, its agent, or the law. I
swear, under penalty of perjury, that the above information is accurate
and that I am authorized to act on the copyright or intellectual
property owner's behalf.

You can reach me by:  
Email: [private][PRIVATE][/private]  

Name: [private][PRIVATE][private]  

Telephone:[private][PRIVATE][/private]  

Address: [private]  

[PRIVATE]  

[/private]  

We appreciate your assistance.  

[private]  
[PRIVATE] / Software Engineer  
[PRIVATE]  

[/private]
