Dear Github staff,

My name is [REDACTED] and I am author of KCRDB. A web page that your company hosts is infringing on at least one copyright owned by me.

Our written work has been copied onto your servers without permission. The original written work to which we own the exclusive copyrights can be found at:

http://hetaregrammer.blog.fc2.com/

The unauthorized and infringing copy can be found at:
https://github.com/lklein/kcrdb

The following is a sample (and not the entirety) of the content that has been copied without permission:

Most codes are disassemble code, it was generated from ILSpy and etc.

The Github user lklein has forked disassemble code of my program found at https://github.com/lklein/kcrdb.
I did not give him permission to redistribution.
lklein is not allow to create a new Issue, and I do not know that how to contact him directly.

This letter is official notification under Section 512(c) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (”DMCA”), and I seek the removal of the aforementioned infringing material from your servers. I request that you immediately notify the infringer of this notice and inform them of their duty to remove the infringing material immediately, and notify them to cease any further posting of infringing material to your server in the future.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Should you wish to discuss this with me please contact me directly.

Thank you.

Contact information: [REDACTED]

Signed on this date of:  
[REDACTED]  
03/19/2015
