Dear Sirs

I act for FIL Investments International and associated companies including FIL Investment Management Limited ("Fidelity"). I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

The following repo in its entirety contains code and configuration copyright in which is owned by Fidelity.

USERNAME: worldostugs  
REALNAME: [private]  
REPO-NAME: 'lowrent-stuff'  
REPO-URL: https://github.com/worldostugs/lowrent-stuff  

[Private] is a former contractor of Fidelity. Under the terms of his engagement, copyright in all code he created is owned by Fidelity and he was not authorised to copy it, remove it from Fidelity or post it publicly on any website including www.github.com.

Evidence of the removal of Fidelity copyright notices can be found at: https://github.com/worldostugs/lowrent-stuff/commit/3a529031943142a593c0ff5d605a9d2176c88cac 

Posting this material is also a breach of paragraph A8 of the GitHub Terms of Service.

Fidelity requires the immediate deletion of the repo "lowrent-stuff" and all its contents.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

[private]  
DAC Beachcroft LLP  
Portwall Place, Portwall Lane, Bristol, BS1 6NA  
T: [private]  
M: [private]  
E: [private]  
