September 25, 2015

To Whom It May Concern:

This notice is provided pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, 17 USC ยง 512 and GitHub, Inc.'s DMCA Takedown Policy. I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice and submit this letter in compliance therewith.

It has recently come to Intel Corporation's attention that certain of Intel's confidential and proprietary software code has been posted on your website at the locations listed below. The confidential and proprietary software code at issue includes code developed originally by ST-Ericsson SA, the copyright ownership of which was transferred to Intel Corporation in 2013. The infringing content on GitHub is a literal copy of ST-Ericsson's copyrighted work, which is evidenced by the many files that still include ST-Ericsson's copyright notice.

The copyright-infringing code appears in the following repository under the username "pauldmps":

https://github.com/pauldmps/vendor_st-ericsson_u8500/tree/master/connectivity/lbs

The following four folders at this URL that contain infringing material subject to this takedown request are:

lbs_amil_client (https://github.com/pauldmps/vendor_st-ericsson_u8500/tree/master/connectivity/lbs/lbs_amil_client)

lbs_android_adaptations (https://github.com/pauldmps/vendor_st-ericsson_u8500/tree/master/connectivity/lbs/lbs_android_adaptations)

lbs_core (https://github.com/pauldmps/vendor_st-ericsson_u8500/tree/master/connectivity/lbs/lbs_core)

lbs_mal_client (https://github.com/pauldmps/vendor_st-ericsson_u8500/tree/master/connectivity/lbs/lbs_mal_client)

Intel requests that GitHub and the user identified above remove these four folders from their repositories as soon as possible.

Please direct any inquiries regarding this notice to:

[PRIVATE]

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Sincerely,


[PRIVATE]

Senior Counsel, Intel Corporation
