Hello,

My name is [private], I am the CEO of WEBIM.RU ltd (“WEBIM.RU”).

(1) INFRINGED WORK  
WEBIM.RU is the sole owner and proprietor of a software product
commercially known as “Webim”. The information about this software is on
our website http://webim.ru  
We have a registration of the intellectual property rights for this
software product in Federal Institute of Industrial Property of Russian
Federation (FIPS, http://www1.fips.ru). Registration number is 2011613143,
20.04.2011. This is not open source product and sources can not be placed
on public.

(2) INFRINGING MATERIAL(S)  
We found out that some hackers hacked one of our clients and grabbed all
the sources they found. Currently they pushed the sources of our product to
your website.  
URL: https://github.com/veryEvilMan/fl-ru-damp/tree/master/webim  
All the content on this URL infringes our copyrights and other intellectual
property rights.

The user that uploaded the infringing materials is veryEvilMan (
https://github.com/veryEvilMan)  
We don’t have any information about how to contact this user.

(3) REQUESTED ACTION  
Immediately delete the aforementioned repository and all infringing
material from your servers upon receiving this notice.

The continued publication of the infringing material shall in all certainty
cause “WEBIM.RU ltd” irreparable harm and severe damages and shall
materially jeopardize its business operations.

(4) CONTACT INFORMATION  
[private]

WEBIM.RU ltd
[private]

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described
above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner,
or its agent, or the law.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed.

Should you wish to further discuss this with me, please reply to this email
directly.

Thank you,  
[private]
