To Whom it May Concern:

This is a DMCA Takedown Notice submission.

I am the CTO for Nth Gen Software Inc.

Nth Gen Software Inc. is the copyright holder for our TradeRev product. (www.traderev.com).
TradeRev is a business-to-business auctioning application for vehicles.

It has come to our attention that someone has obtained a copy of our source code and has published it in github.com in:

https://github.com/apertureapps/lenamaste/

The entire source code of our Android application has been published in this project.

Due to the age of this source code, we believe this user is a former employee of the company who was terminated in 2012.

Because the java class package names have been renamed, we believe the code was modified and published with malicious intent.

If you look in this folder you can see classes which have nothing to do with “ApertureApp”.

https://github.com/apertureapps/lenamaste/tree/master/src/com/apertureapps/mobile/android/lenamaste

The source files are clearly for an automotive-related application. Among other things, the source contain maps to TradeRev's propriatory business data structures and data services.

For some simple evidence, in file https://github.com/apertureapps/lenamaste/blob/master/src/com/apertureapps/mobile/android/lenamaste/SecondActivity.java

we can see:

1. One of the REST server addresses for traderev.com is commented in the source files ( as in the following java comment ):

   [private]

2. The personal email address of [private], a partner and co-founder of NthGen Software and TradeRev.com can be found in the param strings (i.e. [private]). This email address was commonly use for testing and was in the source code of our files in 2012. I have copied [private] in this email.

   [private]

3. The Release Notes / Changelog for our Android app was also included in the project, in https://github.com/apertureapps/lenamaste/blob/master/Release_notes.txt

As you can see from the notes, this is the change log for a major product, with significant work history. It is not the usual initial commit of an open source project.

Also, my name ([private]) is mentioned twice in this file, along with the names of other employees.

Due to other Strings in the file which identify the developer using this code, we are certain the origin of these files is from said terminated employee.
The name of this former employee is [private].

Email: [private]

Last known mailing address: [private]

We request for these source files (the entire project) to be taken down immediately.

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

(Signature is attached in a JPG file)

[private]

[private]

[private]

www.nthgensoftware.com

506-4711 Yonge Street,
Toronto,
Ontario M2N 6K8,
Canada
