To Whom It May Concern:

I, the undersigned, CERTIFY UNDER PENALTY OF PERJURY that I am an agent authorized to act on behalf of the owner of certain intellectual property rights, said owner being named John Wiley & Sons, Inc., a global publisher of books, journals, and other products, or one of its related companies ("Wiley"). I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing A DMCA Notice.

We recently learned that user rxgalpha/syncrepo has made available for download on a website hosted by your company an unauthorized copy of the published book "Professional JavaScript for Web Developers, 3rd Edition (c) 2012 John Wiley & Sons, Inc.", at the following URL address:

https://github.com/rxgalpha/syncrepo/blob/master/JavaScript%E9%AB%98%E7%BA%A7%E7%A8%8B%E5%BA%8F%E8%AE%BE%E8%AE%A1%28%E7%AC%AC3%E7%89%88%29.Professional%20JavaScript%20for%20Web%20Developers%2C%203rd%20Edition.pdf

I have a good faith belief that the use of the content identified above is not authorized by Wiley, its agent, or the law and therefore constitute a serious infringement of, inter alia, Wiley's copyrights.

We request that the entire file found at the above-referenced URL be deleted. Please be advised that each time this item is posted in this format (i.e. PDF, ZIP, RAR, HTML, etc.), it is per se, an infringing copy. We request that any such unauthorized copy posted by user after this date be removed without the necessity of Wiley providing a DMCA Notice. All rights reserved.

I swear, under the penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate.

Thank you in advance for your cooperation.

Sincerely,

[private]  
Legal Department  
John Wiley & Sons, Inc.  
10475 Crosspoint Blvd.  
Indianapolis, Indiana 46256  
Email: [private]   
[private]
My name, typed above, constitutes an electronic signature under Federal law, and is intended to be binding.
