Dear GitHub, Inc.,

I'm sorry to have to send this, but a couple of GitHub users have publicly
posted my copyrighted book and they are either unresponsive to polite
requests for removal or I'm unable to find contact info for them.

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

*Identify the copyrighted work you believe has been infringed.*

This is a book I have written. Here is the site where I sell it:

https://devopsu.com/books/taste-test-puppet-chef-salt-stack-ansible.html

*Identify the material that you allege is infringing the copyrighted work
listed in the item above.*

https://github.com/Questorian/ansible-eval/tree/master/doc

https://github.com/sillvan/ansible-eval/tree/master/doc

*Explain what the affected user would need to do in order to remedy the
infringement.*

Remove public access to my copyrighted book.

*Provide your contact information.*

[PRIVATE]

*Provide contact information, if you know it, for the alleged infringer.*

I only know their Github usernames which are: Questorian and sillvan. I
contacted Questorian over a month ago two times and didn't get a response,
see: Questorian/ansible-eval#1 <https://github.com/Questorian/ansible-eval/issues/1> . 

I haven't been able to find contact information or a way to submit an issue to sillvan.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described
above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner,
or its agent, or the law.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed.

Please let me know if you need anything else for this.

Electronically signed by,

[PRIVATE]
