This DMCA Takedown Notice applies to the material hosted by GitHub at
the following URL:

https://github.com/fabriziotappero/ip-cores/tree/processor_4004_cpu_and_mcs-4_family_chips

I do hereby attest:

1. The above identified branch of this repository contains materials
authored by me and published to the OpenCores.org site under a
Creative Commons "Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike" Public License.
2. Each of the files containing material I authored contains a
statement claiming copyright for myself as copyright holder, and
stating my OpenCores email contact address "[private]".
3. Each of the files containing material I authored describes the
license terms in brief, and refers to the detail found in the
"doc/License.txt" file also included in the repository.
4. The material I authored may be considered to be derived from the
Intel 4004 Schematics, which were released by the Intel Corporation
under a Creative Commons license. A copy of Intel's license grant is
included in the repository in the file "doc/Intel_IPNC_License.pdf".
5. This branch of the GitHub repository also contains what appear to be
files from some other project (an AC97 implementation, possibly).
These files appear to be licensed under the GNU General Public
License (GPL) or Lesser General Public License (LGPL). A copy of the
GPL and LGPL license are included as files in "doc/gpl.txt" and
"doc/lgpl.txt". These files were not included in my source repository.
6. When viewing the repository at the URL listed above, a license
statement is displayed claiming "This code is free software; you can
redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html (GNU General Public License) as
published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the
License, or (at your option) any later version."
7. By my good faith belief and understanding, the GPL and LGPL licenses
are irreparably incompatible with the Creative Commons
"Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike" Public License under which I
published the materials I authored.

I do hereby claim:

1. The presentation of the materials I authored under the banner of the
GPL is contrary to and infringing upon the plainly stated license
under which I published my materials.
2. The presence of GPL- and LGPL-licensed sources in the same
directories as my non-GPL- and non-LGPL-licensed materials is likely
to create confusion and incorrect belief that my materials may be
used under the terms of the GPL or LGPL license, leading to
infringement upon my copyright.
3. The presence of GPL- and LGPL-license descriptions in the same
directory as the correct Creative Commons license description in the
"doc/" subdirectory is likely to create confusion and incorrect
belief that my materials may be used under the terms of the GPL or
LGPL license, leading infringement upon my copyright.
4. I do NOT authorize or agree to relicensing of my copyrighted
materials, under the GNU General Public License or any license other
than that stated in the materials.

The files listed below were authored by me in their entirety and
reproduced in this GitHub repository verbatim:

* doc/License.txt
* pcb/4004-master/i4004-master.pdf
* pcb/4004-master/i4004-master.sch
* rtl/verilog/alu.v
* rtl/verilog/counter.v
* rtl/verilog/i4004.v
* rtl/verilog/instruction_decode.v
* rtl/verilog/instruction_pointer.v
* rtl/verilog/scratchpad.v
* rtl/verilog/timing_io.v

The file listed below contains a PDF copy of Intel Corporation's license
grant for use of the Intel 4004 schematic and other historical materials.

* doc/Intel_IPNC_License.pdf

Any non-directory file not listed above is extraneous to the
OpenCores.org repository "scraped" to create this GitHub repository branch.

The OpenCores.org project from which these files were "scraped" is found
at the URL below. Note that it may be necessary to register on the site
(free) to download the project repositories; browsing the project and
the repository does not require registration.

http://opencores.org/project,mcs-4

To remedy this infringement I propose the following actions:

1. Remove from the above identified GitHub repository all of my
copyrighted materials. Such deletion shall be performed in such a
manner that all copies are totally removed from the repository and
the repository's history. Merely performing a new GIT commit that
removes these files from the head of the branch is NOT ACCEPTABLE.
2. Take action to prevent my copyrighted materials from reappearing in
this repository, to include but not limited to being "scraped" from
the OpenCores.org site in the future, by restoration of backups, or
any other action whether initiated by the repository maintainer or
by others.

As an alternative, the following actions may be acceptable:

1. Remove from the above identified GItHub repository branch all
material licensed under conflicting licenses, specifically but not
limited to the GNU General Public License and GNU Lesser General
Public License.
2. Remove from the above identified GItHub repository branch the files
containing the texts of the GNU General Public License and GNU
Lesser General Public License.
3. Remove from the above identified GItHub repository branch the
erroneous license statement claiming the material is licensed under
the GNU General Public License.
4. Take action to prevent future mixing of files containing
incompatible licenses and prohibit modification of the license
statements contained in the copyrighted files and the copyright
descriptions found in the "doc/" subdirectory.
5. All file removal actions are to performed in such a manner that all
copies are totally removed from the repository and the repository's
history. Merely performing a new GIT commit that removes these files
from the head of the branch is NOT ACCEPTABLE.

Note also that my project repository on the OpenCores.org website was
not the only repository "scraped" for inclusion in this GitHub
repository. While some of the OpenCores.org projects are indeed licensed
under the GPL, most are not. Most are explicitly licensed under the
LGPL, which is contrary to the GPL license claimed by this GitHub
repository. Others, such as mine, are licensed under terms clearly
incompatible with the GPL. It appears no consideration was made to
differentiate between GPL, LGPL, or GPL-incompatible projects when the
site was "scraped" to produce this agglomeration of independent and
individually-licensed projects. Thus this repository may be the target
of further takedown notices for similar infringements.

Now to the "i dotting" and "t crossing" (IANAL):

*I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.*

*I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials
described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the
copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. *
*
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed.

/signed/
[private]
*
