WITHOUT PREJUDICE

To Whom It May Concern,

UNIBLUE COPYRIGHT

I write from Uniblue Systems Ltd. ("Uniblue"), which creates software solutions to enhance computer performance by improving speed and stability.

We have recently come across the page https://github.com/Wenqer/uniblue, which contains content that is infringing on at least one copyright owned by Uniblue, including but not limited to Uniblue's proprietary software 'Powersuite'. In this regard, you may wish to refer to the software's page: http://www.uniblue.com/product/pc/powersuite/, which provides further information.

Uniblue has not authorized, licensed or otherwise consented to such use of its proprietary material. The actions set forth above are in clear breach of our copyright and other intellectual property right and constitute commercial exploitation and unfair profiting from the work in which Uniblue has invested substantial time, effort and money.

To rectify this infringement we demand the removal of the aforementioned infringing material from your website. We request that you immediately notify the applicable user of this notice, and inform said user of the duty to remove the infringing material and to cease any further posting of infringing material in future.

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Takedown Notice. I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notice is accurate and that I am the copyright holder, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Please confirm the requested removal to the undersigned at the email address listed below. Should you fail to do so within fourteen days of the receipt of this letter, we will take such steps as are appropriate to protect our rights. Finally, please be advised that this letter is not intended to set forth every argument, claim or demand of Uniblue Systems Ltd., all of which are expressly reserved.

Should you wish to discuss this with me please contact me directly.

Sincerely,

[private]

Legal Counsel

Uniblue Systems Ltd.

[private]

[private]
