Dear GitHub Legal Department

1. I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

2. Infringed copyrighted work. The infringed work is ZeroTurnaround's
commercial software product called JRebel (http://zeroturnaround.com/software/jrebel/ ). The version redistributed by
the GitHub repository is JRebel 6.2.3. Authentic version can be downloaded
from [private]

3. The infringing material are the links in the bottom of the page at
https://github.com/judasn/IntelliJ-IDEA-Tutorial/blob/master/jrebel-setup.md:

  [private] / Password: [private]  
  [private] / Password: [private]

  This effectively creates a new channel/means for unauthorized
redistribution of an illegally modified version of our JRebel software,
infringing ZeroTurnaround's right for redistribution. Without providing the
links and passwords to the Chinese hosting site, it would be impossible for
the reader of this tutorial to acquire the illegal copy of the copyrighted
software. That makes this page contribute to illegal redistribution, thus
violating ZeroTurnaround's copyright.

4. In order to remedy the infringement, as a minimum, the user should
remove the links and passwords to the cracked JRebel and JRebel for
IntelliJ plugins and the corresponding web page passwords.

5. Contact information for ZeroTurnaround AS:  
[private] / [private]  
Roosikrantsi 11, 3rd fl  
10119 Tallinn  
ESTONIA  
Phone: [private]  
http://zeroturnaround.com  

6. Infringer's alleged contact information (as per Github page:
[private] not sure it is authentic/working).

7. I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials
described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the
copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.

8. I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed.

[private]  
[private]  
[private]
