GEPHI DMCA COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT NOTIFICATION

April 13, 2015

GitHub, Inc
Attn: DMCA Agent
copyright@github.com

Subject: Notice of Infringement pursuant to 17 USC 512(c)(3)(A)

Dear Sir or Madam:

I am an attorney representing Teradata Corporation and am authorized to act on its behalf in this matter.

Teradata Corporation is the owner of the exclusive copyrights infringed by the posting of the materials identified in this communication on the GitHub website. With respect to such rights formerly owned by NCR Corporation, Teradata Corporation is the present owner of such rights by assignment from NCR Corporation on or about October 1, 2007 as part of a spin-off of Teradata from NCR.

These exclusive rights are being violated by materials posted on your site at the following URLs:

https://github.com/gephi/gephi-archive/blob/master/DBDrivers/release/modules/ext/teradata-config-14.00.00.04.jar

https://github.com/gephi/gephi-archive/blob/master/DBDrivers/release/modules/ext/teradata-jdbc4-14.00.00.04.jar

The above list of URLs is intended to act as a representative list of URLs pursuant to 17 USC 512(c)(3)(A) (ii) and (iii). If these same materials appear at other URLs on GitHub website, they are to be removed or disabled from those locations also.

I may be contacted at:  
[private]  
Americas Counsel  
Teradata Corporation  
100 N Sepulveda Blvd, Suite 1400  
El Segundo, CA 90245  
Phone: [private]
[private]

I have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.

I state that the information contained in this notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that I am authorized to act on the behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is being infringed.

You are hereby notified to remove or disable access to the above materials as it appears on your service as soon as possible. Thank you for your attention to this matter.

Sincerely yours,
Teradata

/s/[private]

[private] 
Americas Counsel  
601 North Nash Street  
El Segundo, CA 90245  
[private]  
