Github,

Thank you for this DCMA guide. If I have missed anything, or you want to contact me about anything, don’t hesitate. 

My representation, Pardalis & Nohavicka LLP, are assisting in sending DCMA takedown cease and desist to the main client ([private] & [private]), the host on github ([private]), and the domain registry (Enom.com).     

Thank you very much for your help.  
-[private]  

———  
Reference files:  
 [private]  
    password: [private]  

———

1. "I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.”
-「 [private] 」

2.  Website/Work in question: http://ascaturro.com  
 IP: 192.30.252.154 via https://github.com/sabraham/ascaturro.com  
 hosted by GitHub Pages  
      username: sabraham / [private] / https://github.com/sabraham/  http://tumblebolt.com / [private]

    「 Explanation 」

    Created and developed website for aaronscaturro.com nearly a year ago (July 2014) as a trade-for-trade agreement.

    After nonpayment on [private]'s side, I disconnected the nameservers/IP of aaronscaturro.com (iwantmyname.com regsitry), from the site's files, which were hosted on an eleven2.com shared server account.

    aaronscaturro.com site files timestamped version history dropbox_revision_timestamp_example.png

    This action of disconnection was after being locked out of my own files on the hosting server, which I had administered the entire time of project. On July 30th.

    July 31st, 2015 - without knowledge, ascaturro.com domain was purchased from ENOM.com. The files that I authored are now on GItHub pages, hosted by [private] aka sabraham / [private] / tumblebolt.com  on his GitHub repository. This repository was also uploaded on July 31st.

    I discovered the site and github pages files on September 21st, 2015.

    Note: All of my working files are placed in Dropbox during production. I have all timestamps of SVN/previous version snapshot states, of every file.

    More specific screenshots and documentation can be provided upon request.

    index.html for example: [private]

3.

All code, design assets, and development structure of ascaturro.com are identical to the files I created for aaronscaturro.com identity/marketing site.

Both stacks include: Foundation 5 / flexslider / SCSS / Bower /

The only structural change observed is the removal of the comment section in the <head></head> tag (lines 2-15), which reads on aaronscaturro.com site:

<!--
/* AARONSCATURRO.COM » NEW YORK BUILDER */
/* AARONSCATURRO.COM */

/* TRANSMISSION BY  */

/* | @BEEPIAMS |        */
/* | HTTP://BEEPIA.MS | */
/* | [private] |     */

– HANDCODED ARTISTRY –
- FOR A DEVICE AGNOSTIC SINGULARITY –
-->

ascaturro.com version lines (2-5):

<!--
/* ASCATURRO.COM » NEW YORK BUILDER */
/* ASCATURRO.COM */
-->

source_code_comparison.png
[private]

source_vs_ascaturro.png
[private]

4.

all ascaturro/ascaturro.com project and associated site files should be taken down immediately.

Full-payment of hourly services [private] @ a final invoice of [private].

Once paid in full, [private]/[private]/[private] ascaturro.com can continue as his identity site with my build and files.

5.

n. [private]  
e. [private]  
p. [private]  
a. [private]  
   

6.

  username: sabraham / [private] / https://github.com/sabraham/  http://tumblebolt.com / [private]

7. "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law." -「 [private] 」

8. "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed." -「 [private]」

9. Signature -「 [private] 」  
[private]
