Hello, dear representatives of github.com

I am Legal Counsel of Yandex LLC, Russian Internet-company. This email is addressed to you concerning following circumstances:

We have learned that your service is hosting program code "Yandex.Music downloader" (https://github.com/danpla/ymdl) which allows users to download content (music tracks) from the service Yandex.Music (https://music.yandex.ru/), which is provided by Yandex LLC.

Service Yandex.Music is the biggest music service in Russia that provides users with access to the licensed music. Music that placed on the service Yandex.Music is licensed from its right holders including: Sony Music, The Orchard, Universal Music, Warner Music and other.

Service Yandex.Music does not provide users with possibility to download content from the service. Downloading content form the service Yandex.Music is illegal. This means that program code "Yandex.Music downloader" (https://github.com/danpla/ymdl) provides illegal unauthorized access to the service Yandex.Music that breaches rights of Yandex LLC, Right holders of the content and also breaches GitHub Terms of Service.

So please regard this email as the claim on illegal content on your web-site. We are asking for your immediate assistance in stopping this unauthorized activity. Specifically, we request that you remove "Yandex.Music downloader" (https://github.com/danpla/ymdl ) from your service.

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Contact information:

[private]

Thank you in advance.

If you have additional questions, please contact with me.
