To whom It May Concern

DMCA Notification  
The following information is presented for the purposes of removing web
content that infringes on our copyright per the Digital Millennium
Copyright Act. We appreciate your enforcement of copyright law and support
of our rights in this matter.

Identification of Copyrighted Work

The copyrighted work at issue is the text that appears on codility.com and
its related pages. The pages in question contain a clear copyright
notification and are the intellectual property of the complainant.

Identification of Infringed Material

The following copyrighted paragraphs have been allegedly copied from the
copyrighted work:

1) Link :  
https://github.com/kaustubhcs/Rakuten_Placement_Exam_Problem_Set

Text starting from
"A rectangle is called rectilinear if its edges are all"

to
"if the area of the sum exceeds 2,147,483,647"

2) Link: h
<https://github.com/stevens321/Rakuten_Placement_Exam_Problem_Set/blob/master/Problem%20Statement.png>
ttps://github.com/stevens321/Rakuten_Placement_Exam_Problem_Set/blob/master/Problem%20Statement.png
<https://github.com/stevens321/Rakuten_Placement_Exam_Problem_Set/blob/master/Problem%20Statement.png>

These images contain statements of task AreaOfSum.

3) Link :
https://github.com/acprimer/Codility/blob/master/src/Lesson99/StrSymmetryPoint.java

Text starting from
"Find a symmetry point of a string"

to
"is O(1) (not counting the storage required for input arguments"

Notifying Party

Codility Limited  
Attn: Legal Dept.  
107 Cheapside  
9th Floor  
London  
EC2V 6DN  
United Kingdom  
[private]  

Copyright Owners Statement

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described
above on the allegedly infringing web pages is not authorized by the
copyright owner, its agent, or the law.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification
is accurate and that I am authorized to act on behalf of the copyright
owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

*[private]*  
[private]

