Dears,

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA notice.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

I am requesting to take down the following GitHub sites:

https://github.com/avaldenegro/connectivity-modeling-system  
https://github.com/PMonroy/connectivity-modeling-system

* [private] can be contacted at:
* [private]

I am the copyright owner of the Connectivity-Modeling-System software and I already contacted one of the users directly to take the code down from their GitHub site with no answer. The other user does not have an email contact on the site. They can use the code but they cannot distribute it via a depository since I have alleged copyright over the user’s entire repository. I have a good faith and belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.

The Connectivity-Modeling-System code is different from other creative content. I originally published it on Google Code together with the publication of the attached paper by [private] et al. (2013). I have attached the Beta version of the User’s Guide dated from 2011. I developed the software through my dissertation and the first manuscripts that were published describing the code were Paris et al. (2002, 2005, 2007, 2012) and Paris and Cherubin (2008) listed here.

1. Paris CB, Cowen RK, Lwiza KMM, Wang DP, Olson DB (2002) Objective analysis of three-dimensional circulation in the vicinity of Barbados, West Indies: Implication for larval transport. Deep Sea Research 49: 1363-1386.
2. Paris CB, Cowen RK, Claro R, Lindeman KC (2005) Larval transport pathways from Cuban spawning aggregations (Snappers; Lutjanidae) based on biophysical modeling. Marine Ecology Progress Series 296:93-106.
3. Paris CB, Cherubin LM, Cowen RK (2007) Surfing, diving or spinning: effects on population connectivity, Mar Ecol Prog Ser, Theme Section: Advances in modelling physical-biological interactions in fish early life history, 347: 285-300
4. Paris CB, Cherubin LM, (2008) River-reef connectivity in the Mesoamerican Barrier Reef Coral Reefs 27(4): 773-781
5. Paris CB, Le Hénaff M, Aman ZM, Subramanian A, Helgers J, Dong-Ping Wang, Kourafalou VH, Srinivasan A (2012) Evolution of the Macondo Well Blowout: Simulating the Effects of the Circulation and Synthetic Dispersants on the Subsea Oil Transport, Environmental Science & Technology es303197h http://pubs.acs.org/doi/abs/10.1021/es303197h?journalCode=Esther<http://pubs.acs.org/doi/abs/10.1021/es303197h?journalCode=esthag>

Other papers published before [private] et al (2013) where I applied the Connectivity-Modeling-System are listed below:

1. Foster NL, Baums IB, Sanchez JA, Paris CB, Aguledo CL, Vermeij MJA, Mumby PJ (2012) Hurricane-Driven Patterns of Clonality in an Ecosystem Engineer: The Caribbean Coral Montastraea annularis, PLoS ONE -D-12-18955R1
2. Le Hénaff M, Kourafalou VH, Paris CB, Helgers J, Aman ZM, Hogan PJ, Srinivasan A (2012) Surface evolution of the Deepwater Horizon oil spill patch: combined effects of circulation and wind-induced drift, Environmental Science & Technology, doi:10.1021/es301570w.
3. Staaterman E, Paris CB*, Helgers J (2012) Orientation behavior in fish larvae: the missing piece to Hjort's critical period hypothesis, Journal of Theoretical Biology, 304: 188–196, *Corresponding Author
4. Sponaugle S, Paris CB, Walter KD, Kourafalou V, d’Alessandro E (2012) Observed and modeled larval settlement of a reef fish in the Florida Keys, Mar Ecol Prog Ser, 453:201-212
5. Foster N, Paris CB, Kool J, Baums IB, Stevens J, Sanchez J, Bastidas C, Agudelo C, Bush P, Day O, Ferrari R, Gonzalez P, Gore S, Guppy R, McCartney M, McCoy C, Mendes J, Srinivasan A, Steiner S, Mumby P (2012) Connectivity of Caribbean coral populations: complementary insights from empirical and modelled gene flow, Molecular Ecology, 21(5):<http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/mec.2012.21.issue-5/issuetoc>1143–1157
6. DeGouw JA, Middlebrook AM, Warneke C, Ahmadov R, Atlas EL, Bahreini R, Blake DR, Brock CA, Brioude J, Fahey DW, Fehsenfeld FC, Holloway JS, Le Henaff M, Lueb RA, McKeen SA, Meagher JF, Murphy MD, Paris CB, Parrish DD, Perring AE, Pollack IB, Ravishankara AR, Robinson AL, Ryerson TB, Schwarz JP, Spackman JR, Srinivasan A, Watts LA (2011) Organic Aerosol Formation Downwind From the Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill, Science 331:1295.
7. Kool JT, Paris CB, Barber PH, Cowen RK (2011) Connectivity and the development of population genetic structure in Indo-West Pacific coral 12 reef communities, Global Ecology and Biogeography DOI: 10.1111/j.1466-8238.2010.00637.x
8. Butler IV MJ, Paris CB, Goldstein JS, Matsuda H, Cowen RK (2011) Behavior constrains the dispersal of long-lived spiny lobster larvae, Mar Ecol Prog Ser 422: 223-237.
9. Mumby PJ, Elliott I, Eakin M, Skirving W, Paris CB, Edwards HJ, Enrı´quez S, Iglesias-Prieto R, Cherubin LM, Stevens JR (2010) Reserve design for uncertain responses of coral reefs to climate change, Ecological Letters 14(2), pp. 132-140 [doi: 10.1111/j.1461-0248.2010.01562.x]
10. Butler IV MJ, Paris CB, Goldstein JS, Matsuda H, Cowen RK (2011) Behavior constrains the dispersal of long-lived spiny lobster larvae, Mar Ecol Prog Ser 422: 223-237.
11. Mumby PJ, Elliott I, Eakin M, Skirving W, Paris CB, Edwards HJ, Enrı´quez S, Iglesias-Prieto R, Cherubin LM, Stevens JR (2010) Reserve design for uncertain responses of coral reefs to climate change, Ecological Letters 14(2), pp. 132-140 [doi: 10.1111/j.1461-0248.2010.01562.x
12. Pelc RA, Warner RR, Gaines SD, Paris CB (2010) Detecting larval export from marine reserves, PNAS 107(43): 18266-18271 [doi: 10.1073/pnas.0907368107 ].
13. Kool JT, Paris CB, Andrefouet S, Cowen RK (2009) Complex migration and the development of genetic structure in subdivided populations: and example from Caribbean coral reef ecosystems, Ecography 33(3): 597-606.
14. Steneck RS, Paris CB, Arnold SN, Butler M, Ablan Lagman MC, Alcala AC, McCook LJ, Russ GR, Sale PF (2009) Thinking and managing outside the box: coalescing connectivity networks to build region-wide resilience in coral reef ecosystems. Theme Section: Larval connectivity, resilience and the future of coral reefs, Coral Reefs DOI 10.1007/s00338-009-0470-3
15. Munday PL, Leis JM, Lough JM, Paris CB, Kingsford MJ, Berumen ML, Lambrechts J (2009) Climate change and coral reef connectivity. Theme Section: Larval connectivity, resilience and the future of coral reefs, Coral Reefs DOI 10.1007/s00338-008-0461-9
16. Botsford LW, White JW, Coffroth M-A, Paris CB, Planes S, Shearer TL, Thorrold SR, Jones GP (2009) Measuring connectivity and estimating resilience of coral reef metapopulations in MPAs: matching empirical efforts to modelling needs. Theme Section: Larval connectivity, resilience and the future of coral reefs, Coral Reefs DOI 10.1007/s00338-009-0466-z
17. Mumby P, Harborne A, Williams J, Kappel C, Brumbaugh DR, Micheli F, Holmes KE, Dahlgren CP, Paris CB, Blackwell PG (2007) Beyond trophic cascades: marine reserves facilitate coral recruitment, Proc Nat Acad Sci 104(20): 8362-8367
18. Baums I, Paris CB, Chérubin L (2006) A bio-oceanographic filter to larval dispersal in a reef-building coral, Limnology and Oceanography 51(4): 1969-1981
19. Cowen RK, Paris CB, Srinivasan A (2006) Scaling connectivity in marine populations, Science 311:522-527
20. Cowen RK, Paris CB, Fortuna JL, Olson DB (2003) The role of long distance dispersal in replenishing marine populations. Gulf and Caribbean Research 14(2):129-137

Thank You,  
[private]

