1. Hello,

2. Please review DMCA takedown notice included below.

3. "I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice."

4. Identify the copyrighted work you believe has been infringed.

5. www.vsco.co

6. Identify the material that you allege is infringing the copyrighted work
listed in item #2, above.

7.
- 1. https://github.com/montogeek/font-awesome-vsco-icon
- 2. Unauthorized use of VSCO's trademarked logo.
- Trademark registration number: 4529643
- Local classes: 09

1. Explain what the affected user would need to do in order to remedy the
infringement.

2. Remove all content as this infringes upon VSCO's (www.vsco.co) copyright
and Terms of Service

3. All files in the repository should be removed

4. Provide your contact information. Include your email address, name,
telephone number and physical address.

5. [PRIVATE]

6. VSCO - copyright owner

7. [PRIVATE]- authority to act on the behalf of the copyright owner

8. [PRIVATE]

9. [PRIVATE]

10. Provide contact information, if you know it, for the alleged infringer.

11. https://github.com/montogeek/font-awesome-vsco-icon

12. "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials
described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the
copyright owner, or its agent, or the law."

13. "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed."

14. Include your physical or electronic signature.

15. [PRIVATE] / VSCO Community Support
