I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

I am GitHub user [private] a.k.a. Harry-Chen on GitHub, also the co-founder and owner of team PaperAirplane Developer Team(a.k.a. PaperAirplane-Dev-Team on GitHub).  

One member of our [private] a.k.a. PeterCxy on GitHub wrote an android application GigaGet and released it on GitHub as PaperAirplane-Dev-Team/GigaGet under GPL V3 license.  

Recently I noticed one user named hackerchai forked this repository and made some modifications. Then he compiled the code and released the software on his one website(see http://www.hackerchai.com/, though it's in Chinese, just scroll down the page and the name GigaGet is easy to see, with a link '下载', which means download, pointing to a APK file on Baidu Disk) with the SAME NAME GigaGet without obtaining our permission to do so. He also did not make a statement that he had modified the source code(or marked it as a different version from the original one) but added himself to the contributor list in his released app. This, obviously, is a serious violation of the GPL license. 

The URL is https://www.github.com/hackerchai/GigaGet

As he forked our repository and failed to apply some terms of the GPL V3 license we are using, we believe that the entire repository is infringing.
I hope this repository could be taken down immediately and hackerchai could be warned of his illegal behavior.

My contact information:  
Email: [private]  
Name: [private] [private] in Chinese 
Telephone number: [private] may not be available at most time  
Address: I can provide an address in China mainland if you really needs one.  

You can also contact author of GigaGet [private] at [private].

Thank you for your time.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

My Signature is presented below. My GPG public key id is [private].
