To whom it may concern,

My name is [private] and I am the Owner of David Star Enterprises LLC. A user
that your company provides posting access to is infringing on at least one
copyright owned by my client [private].

The unauthorized and infringing copy can be found at:
<https://gist.github.com/wen1d/4171208>

Original works are Photoshop overlays and textures taken from
http://www.jessicadrossin.com/store

This letter is official notification under Section 512(c) of the Digital
Millennium Copyright Act (”DMCA”), and I seek the removal of the
aforementioned infringing material from your customers device. I request
that you immediately notify the infringer of this notice and inform them of
their duty to remove the infringing material immediately, and notify them
to cease any further posting of infringing material to your network in the
future.

Please also be advised that law requires you, as a service provider, to
remove or disable access to the infringing materials upon receiving this
notice. Under US law a service provider, such as yourself, enjoys immunity
from a copyright lawsuit provided that you act with deliberate speed to
investigate and rectify ongoing copyright infringement. If service
providers do not investigate and remove or disable the infringing material
this immunity is lost. Therefore, in order for you to remain immune from a
copyright infringement action you will need to investigate and ultimately
remove or otherwise disable the infringing material from your servers with
all due speed should the direct infringer, your client, not comply
immediately.

I am providing this notice in good faith and with the reasonable belief
that rights my company owns are being infringed. Under penalty of perjury I
certify that the information contained in the notification is both true and
accurate, and I have the authority to act on behalf of the owner of the
copyright(s) involved.

Should you wish to discuss this with me please contact me directly.

Thank you.  
[private]
