To Whom It May Concern,

I am the copyright owner a copyrighted product "VCMod", which is being
being infringed at:

https://gist.github.com/anonymous/a12076f77d0d87301f93

It is also being sold at: https://scriptfodder.com/scripts/view/21

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

This letter is official notification under the provisions of Section 512©
of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) to effect removal of the
above-reported infringements. I request that you immediately issue a
cancellation message as specified in RFC 1036 for the specified postings
and prevent the infringer, who is identified by its web address, from
posting the infringing content to your servers in future. Please be advised
that the law requires you, as a service provider, to “expeditiously remove
or disable access to” the infringing content upon receipt of this notice.
Non-compliance may result in a loss of immunity for liability under the
DMCA.

I have good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained
of here is not authorized by me, the copyright holder, or the law.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information provided here is
accurate to the best of my knowledge and that I am the copyright holder.

I wish that my real name and contact information would be not be disclosed
to public, just to the people you are required to.

Please send me, at the address noted below, a prompt response indicating
the actions you have taken to resolve this matter.

Sincerely,

[private] (pseudonym "freemmaann")

CONTACT INFORMATION:

[private]
