My name is [private] and I am a Security Engineer at Uber
Technologies, Inc.  

I have read and understand GitHub’s Guide to Filing a DMCA
notice.  

A git repo created by GitHub user “SergKomarovsky” on
github.com that contain proprietary information of which we own
the exclusive copyrights to.  

The unauthorized material is contained in the following repo:
https://github.com/SergKomarovsky/old-projects  

The offending information is specifically contained in the following
subfolders within the “old-projects” repo:  
• uber  
• uber.new  
• ubercom  
• taxi-landing  

This letter is official notification under Section 512(c) of the
Digital Millennium Copyright Act (”DMCA”), and I seek the
removal of the aforementioned infringing material from GitHub. I
request that you immediately notify the infringer of this notice and
inform them of their duty to remove the infringing material
immediately, and notify them to cease any further posting of
infringing material related to Uber Technologies to GitHub in the
future.   

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials
described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by
the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I swear, under
penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is
accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to
act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly
infringed.  

Should you wish to discuss this with me please contact me
directly. Thank you.  

[private]  
Uber Technologies, Inc.  
[private]
