Dear Steven!

Thank you for your email. I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice. Please find below a revised DMCA notice.

I, the undersigned, state UNDER PENALTY OF PERJURY that:

[1] I am a person injured, or an agent authorized to act on behalf of a person injured by a violation of the U.S. Copyright laws, in particular section 501 of Title 17 of the United States Code, commonly referred to as the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, or "DMCA";

[2] I May Be Contacted At:

Name of Injured Party : APPLE INC.

Name and Title: [private]

Company: KILPATRICK TOWNSEND AND STOCKTON LLP

Address: 1114 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS, 21st Fl.

City, State, and Zip: NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10036

Email address [private]

Telephone: [private]

Fax: [private]

[3] I have a good faith belief that the files identified below (by URL) are unlawful under these laws because, among other things, the links offer to distribute copies of Apple’s copyrighted works;

[4] Content Type: Software packages that utilize Apple’s minified source code from iCloud.com

Violation(s): Copyright Infringement

Attached are some code comparisons between SteedOS (to the left) and CloudOS, the original, to the right. Note that the CloudOS codebase shown in the attached is Apple’s source code, so it’s not minified, but it is clear that the developer has taken the minified version on iCloud.com and reformatted/reverse engineered it.

[5] Please act expeditiously to remove all files in the repository found at the following URLs:

https://github.com/steedos/steedos

[6] I have a good faith belief that the distribution of the copyrighted work identified above is not authorized by law; and

[7] The information in this notice is accurate.

Thank you for your kind assistance.

Best regards,

[private]

Kilpatrick Townsend & Stockton LLP

The Grace Building | 1114 Avenue of the Americas | New York, NY 10036-7703

[private]
