While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am the [private] and [private] of Ketchep.com, LLC.

Ketchep.com, LLC is the sole copyright, trademark, and intellectual property owner of the iOS app "Deflection Pro" as well as its trademarks, marketing materials, and associated assets, such as the app's logo.

Ketchep.com, LLC only distributes "Deflection Pro" through the Apple App Store and has not authorized distribution of the app through any other channels. Per the DMCA, Ketchep.com, LLC requests that github.com ceases to host and distribute copies of the app as well as the app's marketing assets permanently and immediately.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

"Deflection Pro" is a paid iOS app that is distributed only through the Apple App Store by Ketchep.com, LLC as "Blue Ketchep".

https://apps.apple.com/us/app/deflection-pro/id1217160203?platform=iphone

Ketchep.com, LLC owns the app logo, all trademarks, marketing materials, and assets that are bundled with the app. The app's logo is a grayscale I beam with a downward arrow and dark background and it can be found within the IPA file as well as on the Apple App Store.

The distribution of the app's logo in this repository does not constitute "fair use", since the logo is being used solely to support the unauthorized distribution of the pirated software. This repository is being used as a CDN for the ipauniverse.com. The app's logo (hosted on github) is being used in this page to help users find pirated copies of the app: https://www.ipauniverse.com/2024/04/deflection-pro-v900.html

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/ipauniverse/IPAUniverse/releases/download/v20240715202203/Deflection_Pro-v9.0.1_IPAUniverse.ipa  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/IPAUniverse/ipauniverse/main/icons/Deflection%20Pro_20240715202201.png

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

The app uses the default DRM technology that is integrated with the Apple App Store distribution processes.

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

The IPA file has been "cracked" in order to disable Apple's DRM mechanisms and allow installation of the app on any device.

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

If any other copies in forks are identified, they will be reported in the future.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

[private]  
[private]  

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

phone: [private]  
address: [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
