To Whom It May Concern,



I, [private], am writing to notify you of an infringement of Wildr Inc.'s intellectual property rights. This notice is submitted pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") and specifically requests the removal of the infringing content from your platform.



1. Complainant Information:

Name: [private]  
Company: Wildr Inc.  
Address: [private]  
Email: [private]  
Phone: [private]  


⠀2. Identification of Infringing Material:

The material that is claimed to be infringing is located at the following URL(s):

https://github.com/O-B-git/wildr-app


⠀This repository contains source code that is proprietary to Wildr Inc. and has been unlawfully distributed by a former contractor's employee.



3. Identification of Original Material:

The original material can be found at the following URL(s):

[private]


⠀This [private] is the official and authorized source code [private] for Wildr Inc.'s app.



4. Statement of Good Faith Belief:

I have a good faith belief that the use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.



5. Statement of Accuracy:

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  
I have taken fair use into consideration.



6. Electronic Signature:

[private]  

[private]  
Wildr Inc.  
[private]  



7. Declaration:

I acknowledge that under Section 512(f) of the DMCA, any person who knowingly materially misrepresents that material or activity is infringing may be subject to liability for damages.



8. Required Statement:

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

Sincerely,

[private]  
[private]  
Wildr Inc.  
[private]  
