Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

Dear DMCA team,

Unfortunately, the same user re-uploaded the infringed contents under a new repository: https://github.com/greydoubt/gptv

In particular, the infringed work are the full contents of the only folder in the repository (i.e., called "generic_openai_stack"), which are also essentially the same files as the previous repository that was successfully taken down under DMCA.

One example proof: [private]

To confirm, this is the second time that I have been made aware of the account "greydoubt" knowingly publishing confidential information, which has been under NDA due to his previous employment with us.

I'm kindly requesting to have all files removed under https://github.com/greydoubt/gptv/tree/main/generic_openai_stack or to take down the "gptv" repository altogether.

The infringer's contact information is the same as last time (see below).

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

With kind regards,  
[private]  

P.S. here's a screenshot of the former employee, [private], who has since changed his account's name, announcing this repository to his ~2,000 followers on [private]:

[private]

[private]  
[private]  
Tenet Ventures  
E: [private]  
M: [private]  
