**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

This mod took a long while to make, it is a very important piece of work to [private] and to see this guy steal [private] entire mod line for line is obnoxious. [private] hold full ownership of [private] mod and [private] trying to get rid of people like this.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

[private] work was a mod for a popular VR game known as "Gorilla Tag", it allowed users to create builds with their set of tools and objects supplied by [private] mod. This feature would only work while in an authorised room where only modders can join, preventing the base game from being exploited, this mod took [private] 2 weeks to create. This person had taken all of [private] source code, except for the part that prevents it from being an exploit, and re released it so people can cheat in the game, [private] am serious when [private] say that all of the code was taken. The source code is not on their repository but the .dll mod is exactly the same to [private] aside from it being turned into a cheat.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/GorillaTagMaps/Mono-Sandbox-PUBLIC  
This is the stolen code here, it would be great for this to be taken down because this is spreading and more people are getting access to this ripoff of [private] hard work

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

This was not a fork, they just took [private] works source code and reuploaded it, no credit at all and didnt say anything about it to [private]

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Phone number:  
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
