Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?** 

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?** 

YES, 

**Please provide the Zendesk ticket number of your previously submitted notice. Zendesk ticket numbers are 7 digit ID numbers located in the subject line or body of your confirmation email.** 

1593183  &  1601675

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?** 

GitHub 

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.** 

I am an mumber of Beken Corporation,  and CEVA, Inc is the copyright owner and Beken Corporation authorized to act on its behalf. 

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.** 

The specific source code (the “Code”), as identified below, is licensed under strict confidentiality terms by Beken from our Licensor, CEVA,Inc., via its wholly owned subsidiary named **RivieraWaves**; our license terms with that Licensor forbid source code distribution and hence the identified Code should not be distributed under the Alios Open Source project. I have confirmed that no-one, or anyone else, has a license from CEVA/RivieraWaves for such distribution. Beken has been authorised by CEVA to pursue this takedown notice on their behalf.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.** 

We found the following link are still available ( All *.c files located in those path and its subpaths):  
https://github.com/alibaba/AliOS-Things/tree/1d9ae45783540f7e948bbd9feb78591d4cce4520/platform/mcu/bk7231u/beken/driver/ble/ble_lib  
https://github.com/alibaba/AliOS-Things/tree/1d9ae45783540f7e948bbd9feb78591d4cce4520/platform/mcu/bk7231u/beken/ip  
https://github.com/alibaba/AliOS-Things/tree/1d9ae45783540f7e948bbd9feb78591d4cce4520/platform/mcu/bk7231u/beken/driver/usb/src  
 please delete those link.

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology if you are unsure.** 

No

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.** 

Yes,  We have submit another tickets, the ticket ID is 1600437 

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?** 

Reported content must be removed. 

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.** 

NO

#### I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.

#### I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

#### I have taken fair use into consideration.

#### I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice.

#### **So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.** 

Address: [private]

#### **Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.** 

[private]
