Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

Note: Because the parent repository was actively being forked when this DMCA takedown notice was received, and the submitter had identified all known forks at the time they submitted the takedown notice, GitHub processed the takedown notice against the entire network of 8 repositories, inclusive of the parent repository.

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am [private] at Tassomai Ltd, the owners of the copyright

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The original copyrighted work is a bank of multiple choice questions and answers. We deliver these in small quizzes over time to our regular users. The github user 'gloryness' has built a bot that communicates with our servers over HTTP to answer/get these questions as though they are doing quizzes. However, in order to increase their accuracy, the bot stores any questions and answers it comes across in gloryness's own database, and then reuses this data to answer questions in the future correctly. When other users download and use this application, any answers they make are also relayed back to the single store the bot uses to increase its coverage.

The public repository https://github.com/Gloryness/tassomai-automation contains this code, and as you will see, it has had 2000 downloads and 10 forks at time of writing. Initially the database of answers (i.e. our copyrighted material) was stored in the repo itself and is (still) available in the commit history of the master branch. Now this user has moved their model to keep the growing database of answers in a private repository at https://github.com/Gloryness/tassomai-answers. The storage and distribution of the questions in the question bank is not acceptable and violates our IP.

The private database is accessed via an executable file within the public repo at https://github.com/Gloryness/tassomai-automation/blob/master/src/app/github_db.exe

It is also against our own terms for our users to use this (or any other) automated software. We have already asked the github user Gloryness to remove our copyrighted material which they agreed to do, but instead they set up this private repository (https://github.com/Gloryness/tassomai-answers) to host the material, rather than remove it completely. On top of this, the material is still available to other users via the application in the public repo (https://github.com/Gloryness/tassomai-automation)

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/Gloryness/tassomai-automation  
https://github.com/Gloryness/tassomai-answers  
https://github.com/Gloryness/tassomai-automation/commit/e1ebc8b4681a5fec3c8e27435f7ce9c8d2e6fd9c#diff-9ca1702bb6433f3d09ddb83d2a066ca16fca7f62bf61ebf5495bdc8efc7a0d2c (this and most previous commits contain a public answers.json file database with our content)

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

In the normal course of use, our authenticated users are offered quizzes from our question bank only via a web client, i.e. the user has to be logged in to an active, paid subscription. Any user is allowed only to access material they (or their parents or school) have paid for. Nowhere is it available in bulk except to our own in-house content team via firewalled cloud-based databases and certainly not in the public domain.

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

By creating a bot to take quizzes much faster than a 'real' user would by accessing our API directly and bypassing the web client, and by then making it publicly available, they have been able to effectively pool their efforts to draw in as many of our copyrighted questions as they can, to then store them and redistribute them to other people who download the application.

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes  
the forks of the public repo are at  
[invalid]   
@Caplini Caplini / tassomai-automation  
[invalid]  
@Hamzahussaino Hamzahussaino / tassomai-automation  
@salar2202 salar2202 / tassomai-automation  
@sillygoose69 sillygoose69 / tassomai-automation  
@Spectre8888 Spectre8888 / tassomai-automation  
@supersonicliamx supersonicliamx / tassomai-automation  
@w3bhook w3bhook / tassomai-automation  

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

[private]  
https://github.com/Gloryness  
twitter [private]

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
[private]  
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
