**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

Yes

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I'm the [private] and I was asked to fill this DMCA takedown notice.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

"安全生产风险管控平台" has identified that the entire Github repository located at https://github.com/sgComeon/guowang-nanri-master is a copy of the project "安全生产风险管控平台" developed internally by Nanrui. Therefore Nanrui asks that the entire repository and it's content be removed.

Although the code is not written with a copyright notice, it is indeed Nanrui's project code, and it can be stated from the developers of the code The following people are Nanrui employees and have worked on this project. They are: [private],[private],[private]  

https://github.com/sgComeon/guowang-nanri-master/blob/main/public/index.html

https://github.com/sgComeon/guowang-nanri-master/blob/main/src/index.js

https://github.com/sgComeon/guowang-nanri-master/blob/main/src/api/admin_function/standing_book.js

https://github.com/sgComeon/guowang-nanri-master/blob/main/src/api/agent/dm-agent.js

We still declare the entire repository. I list these files for the purpose of having the developer's signature at the beginning of these files. All of these people belong to Nanrui company.

Let me briefly explain how it happened. Our [private] wanted to make some changes based on our code. The code was given to them in November last year, and in May this year, during the company's routine security check, our code was found on the Internet. After comparing the structure and content of the code, it was the code we gave them, and they put the code online without authorization. However, after communicating with the [private] company, there was no confirmation of who had put the code online, so we could not contact the person directly to remove the code, so we had to deal with it through DMCA. Because of our negligence, we didn't add a clear copyright statement in the code, but of course even if we did, users could delete the code when they upload it. Now I can't give any better evidence to prove the code except some of our employees' names in the code, is there any other information to prove the code is ours? We have also considered calling the police, if the DMCA can't handle it, we will have to call the police to handle it. 

Thank you for your patience and we hope the code can be removed as soon as possible.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/sgComeon/guowang-nanri-master

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

No one has forked that repository yet

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No, I did'nt find email or telephone.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
