Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

The “files and code” submitted on GitHub are internal use code for our health and safetyconnect app.  It includes private information and code specific to WTA that is developed by/for WTA.  This includes API keys, database connection strings, and includes our “[private]” (our front-end web app code) and "[private]” which includes our back-end keys, strings, and code.  Additionally URL #1 below is a copy of the sample.zip from a commit request (exploded file contents and contents inside the files contain our database, API keys, and source code of our application as validated by our development team.

 

[private] => Backend code explicitly showing our database connectivity and strings that are secrets / passwords now assumed to be compromised on Github

[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private] => Frontend code explicitly showing our connectivity and API strings

[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
The entirety of this code is CONFIDENTAIL and should be deleted.  This is not “bhushi16’s” property.  It is WTA tour, Inc. property.

 

"I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

Identified copyrighted work:

URL#1 - https://github.com/bhushi16/NewRepository/commit/4310bcecfbfcf7c038207b5c69e2511b47983ece?diff=split#diff-358f598c932a879928717a19d0299c6ebf06959411fe71b7ca4c05ffa5a3ad51

Url #2 - https://github.com/bhushi16/NewRepository/blob/4310bcecfbfcf7c038207b5c69e2511b47983ece/Sample.zip

URL #3 - https://github.com/bhushi16/NewRepository/blob/4310bcecfbfcf7c038207b5c69e2511b47983ece/demoapp.sln

URL #4 - https://github.com/bhushi16/NewRepository/blob/4310bcecfbfcf7c038207b5c69e2511b47983ece/ui.zip

This is a direct copy of our work - unpublished previously. This is a development copy.

Based on the representative number of forks you have reviewed, I believe that all or most of the forks are infringing to the same extent as the parent repository.
Infringer needs to delete all our code in its entirety

Provide your contact information. Include your email address, name, telephone number and physical address.  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  

Github username of infringer: bhushi16

"I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."

"I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."

[private]  
[private],[private]  
WTA

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

[private]

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

Url#1 https://github.com/bhushi16/NewRepository/commit/4310bcecfbfcf7c038207b5c69e2511b47983ece?diff=split#diff-358f598c932a879928717a19d0299c6ebf06959411fe71b7ca4c05ffa5a3ad51

Url #2 https://github.com/bhushi16/NewRepository/blob/4310bcecfbfcf7c038207b5c69e2511b47983ece/Sample.zip

Url #3 https://github.com/bhushi16/NewRepository/blob/4310bcecfbfcf7c038207b5c69e2511b47983ece/demoapp.sln

URL #4 https://github.com/bhushi16/NewRepository/blob/4310bcecfbfcf7c038207b5c69e2511b47983ece/ui.zip

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

firewalls, locked down environments, etc.

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

Unclear at this time.

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, no forks found.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No. bhushi16 is the GitHub username

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
