Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?** 

YES, 

**Please provide the Zendesk ticket number of your previously submitted notice. Zendesk ticket numbers are 7 digit ID numbers located in the subject line or body of your confirmation email.** 

1600437

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am an [private] of Beken Corporation, and CEVA, Inc is the copyright owner and Beken Corporation authorized to act on its behalf. 

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The specific source code (the “Code”), as identified below, is licensed under strict confidentiality terms by Beken from our Licensor, CEVA,Inc., via its wholly owned subsidiary named **RivieraWaves**; our license terms with that Licensor forbid source code distribution and hence the identified Code should not be distributed under the Alios Open Source project. I have confirmed that no-one, or anyone else, has a license from CEVA/RivieraWaves for such distribution. Beken has been authorised by CEVA to pursue this takedown notice on their behalf.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

We have submit a ticket on github, the ticket id is: 1593183( but we can still found the the code that mentioned in the tickets).
 Some additional links below which similarly require removalL:  
[private]  
https://github.com/Gabrielle-OyO/AliOS-Things-rel_3.1.0/tree/7b4d698b10fbd5a0f48d145d5df3d610c08017fe/AliOS/platform/mcu/bk7231u  
https://github.com/chuncky/alios-things/tree/53fd29f030dd147f6e77fc4d6a2b0dd460710dc3/platform/mcu/bk7231u  
https://github.com/lazysheep2020/dave/tree/6c449089577cd99faa9b1f546cc5f421c3ff5a6b/platform/mcu/bk7231u  
https://github.com/xiaodongdo/AliOS/tree/56f06c655f212acd09d00db071805c1e8d362f81/platform/mcu/bk7231u  
https://github.com/mclown/AliOS-Things/tree/62b1b7599543636383845b39359bc8259aee49df/platform/mcu/bk7231u

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology if you are unsure.** 

No

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.** 

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?** 

Reported content must be removed. 

#### **Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.** 

NO

#### I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.

#### I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

#### I have taken fair use into consideration.

#### I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice.

#### **So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.** 

Address: [private]
#### **Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.** 

[private]
