**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

[private] own a mod that [private] had created for a game known as "Gorilla Tag", it took [private] 2 weeks to create and many hours of work. The mod allowed people to spawn in objects from a spawn list, and use tools to create inventions with those objects.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

https://github.com/Monosphere/Mono-Sandbox-Mod  
This is the repository that contains the original code, and build of the mod.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/GorillaTagMaps/GorillaTagMaps  
This was the repository where [private] work was reposted again, the other repository was taken down for the same reason but then he tried to hide it under a different repo, the .dll mod file is found in this repo

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

This was not a fork of [private] creation, simply just stole quite literally all of [private] code, changed one or two lines, and re released it as his own product.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Other Change

**Describe the change.**

The whole user to be taken down, his other re-release of [private] mod was taken down and after that, he reposted it under a different repo, [private] believe that if just the repo is taken down then he will continue to repost it under new repositories

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
