While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am [private] for WHMCS Limited (WHMCS). WHMCS is the owner of the hosting automation software known as “WHMCS”. Further, WHMCS owns the exclusive copyright in the look and feel of the WHMCS product, including code, design, layout, colors and graphics (WHMCS Product).

WHMCS has determined that GitHub users are distributing unauthorized copies of the WHMCS Product, infringing WHMCS’s copyrights.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

https://www.whmcs.com

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/anildalar/whmcs-8.2-decoded  
https://github.com/anildalar/whmcs-7.10.2-decode

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

The WHMCS product is encoded via Ioncube. Additionally, the software is controlled by a licensing mechanism using software keys to bing an instance of the software to a paritucalr internet connected device (ie. server).

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

The Ioncube encoding has been reversed engineered in the repositories hosted by GitHub.  
The licensing mechanism has been bypassed in the code published on GitHub, eg: https://github.com/anildalar/whmcs-7.10.2-decode/blob/master/whmcs%207.10.2-decode/vendor/whmcs/whmcs-foundation/lib/License.php#L248

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

@a28028 a28028 / whmcs-8.2-decoded  
@AngryBigCat AngryBigCat / whmcs-8.2-decoded  
@Belal13ify Belal13ify / whmcs-8.2-decoded  
@DamianTardencillaRuiz DamianTardencillaRuiz / whmcs-8.2-decoded  
@ducbo ducbo / whmcs-8.2-decoded  
@fawazalqarni fawazalqarni / whmcs-8.2-decoded  
@felischmi2003 felischmi2003 / whmcs-8.2-decoded  
@sskafandri sskafandri / whmcs-8.2-decoded  
@taidos taidos / whmcs-8.2-decoded  
@whmcscn whmcscn / whmcs-8.2-decoded  
@ydidc ydidc / whmcs-8.2-decoded  
aintyz / whmcs-7.10.2-decode  
@AlphaBrock AlphaBrock / whmcs-7.10.2-decode  
@AngryBigCat AngryBigCat / whmcs-7.10.2-decode  
@anshuwap anshuwap / whmcs-7.10.2-decode  
@bestiosywei bestiosywei / whmcs-7.10.2-decode  
@ccmaou ccmaou / whmcs-7.10.2-decode  
@Cettiidae Cettiidae / whmcs-7.10.2-decode  
@ducbo ducbo / whmcs-7.10.2-decode  
@GAted0 GAted0 / whmcs-7.10.2-decode  
@jack9189181 jack9189181 / whmcs-7.10.2-decode  
@LLLLFu LLLLFu / whmcs-7.10.2-decode  
@marky-mark-fucks-whmcs-in-the-ass marky-mark-fucks-whmcs-in-the-ass / whmcs-7.10.2-decode  
@mukoshy mukoshy / whmcs-7.10.2-decode-forked  
@shavie shavie / whmcs-7.10.2-decode  
@shenzt68 shenzt68 / whmcs-7.10.2-decode  
@sskafandri sskafandri / whmcs-7.10.2-decode  
@tension tension / whmcs-7.10.2-decode  
@jsjcjsjc jsjcjsjc / whmcs-7.10.2-decode  
@wonderking wonderking / whmcs-7.10.2-decode  
@xrmm xrmm / whmcs-7.10.2-decode  
@zhangziran zhangziran / whmcs-7.10.2-decode  

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  

WHMCS Limited  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
