While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

Yes

**Please provide the Zendesk ticket number of your previously submitted notice. Zendesk ticket numbers are 7 digit ID numbers located in the subject line or body of your confirmation email.**

1621499

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

The company [private] am working is Century Software, which does financial solutions for Malaysian Government. One of the government project we did is for Malaysian Income Tax Department which is LHDN (Lembaga Hasil Dalam Negriri - Malaysia). Our project is being stored under the private repository. But we are surprised to see our project under this url (https://github.com/techolik/lhdn-hidef).  
Our entire project is now made as a public archive, as this person (https://github.com/techolik) has clone our project and put it public.  
Government project being online has its privacy concerns, so we would request the git hub team to validate the entire repository from the url and take down the project.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Infringer profile (The person who clone our repository): https://github.com/techolik  
Infringed Project URL (The url where our source code is publicly archived which needs to be taken down) : https://github.com/techolik/lhdn-hidef  
Our current project url : We have take down and removed our entire project from github as per management decision after the theft.  
The entire project, including all the files under this repository have been developed by us.  
Since the project posted on the url (https://github.com/techolik/lhdn-hidef) is a clone of our project you can see my profile name being showing there in infringing url.  
Since it is a government project source code, please help us take down the repository and please help us with this, as myself and my company are facing the heat for this theft.  
We have delivered the project 4 years back and it is currently in production so the team reading this would know about the consequences we are facing at the moment because of this theft of our source code.  
So please help us with this.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

Infringer profile (The person who clone our repository): https://github.com/techolik  
Infringed Project URL (The url where our source code is publicly archived which needs to be taken down) : https://github.com/techolik/lhdn-hidef

The entire repository from the above url is developed by us and needs to be taken down.  
Proof Of Work (POW): As you can see in the above repository, the person who created the project and committed the source code will have my name and my git hub account. Because i was the [private] for the project.  
Please help us take down the project immediately as this project should not be posted online and it needs to be top secret.

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

Our company has [private] account, which has subscription at the moment, and all our projects have been placed under private. We are surprised by this clone of our project being available online and if possible we would even like to know from where did the person take our source code from.  
Please help us take down the source code of this project immediately, as it would help us a lot.

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

Government project being as a public archive is dangerous to my organization as well as to me, since the code was stolen or clone from my repository so please help us take down the repository.  
We have removed our project and made other projects private so we guarantee we would not repeat the same mistake here after.

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

We have searched, but this is the only URL having our project.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

We dont have the persons information. We only have his git hub profile url which is -
https://github.com/techolik  
Infringed Project URL (The url where our source code is publicly archived which needs to be taken down) : https://github.com/techolik/lhdn-hidef

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Mobile Number 1 : [private]  
Mobile Number 2 : [private]  
Address : [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
