Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Cengage Learning, Inc. (“Cengage”) is among the largest textbook and academic publishers in the world. I am authorized to act on behalf of Cengage whose copyright and other intellectual property rights it believes to be infringed as described herein.  
Cengage is providing this notice pursuant to the Section 512 of Title 17 of the U.S. Code (as enacted by the ''Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act'') to request that you immediately take action with respect to infringement that is occurring at the web address identified in the Addendum below, which is being used to infringe Cengage’s exclusive copyrights and other rights.  
Based on the information at its disposal, Cengage has a good faith belief that infringement is occurring at the web address set forth below, which also describes the specific copyrighted work that has been infringed. Cengage further has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner described herein does not constitute fair use. The unauthorized copies are identified by their titles or variations thereof. The material that is the subject of infringing activities are hereinafter referred to as "Infringing Material."  
Given the infringing activity that is occurring, Cengage urges you to cooperate with its efforts to protect its intellectual property rights by undertaking the following steps:  
1. Notify the account holder of the Infringing Material;  
2. Take steps to stop the infringing activity, and any other infringing activity of which you are aware or should reasonably be aware;  
3. Notify any user who may have been responsible for reproducing or distributing the infringing material; and,  
4. Take appropriate action against the account holder under your Abuse Policy/Terms of Service Agreement, including termination of repeat offenders under Section 512(i) of Title 17 of the U.S. Code.  
Cengage believes that the information in this notification is accurate. Under penalty of perjury, Cengage hereby affirms that it is authorized to act with respect to the exclusive copyright rights set forth on the attached as described herein. By providing this notice, Cengage is not waiving their right to engage in other enforcement activities, and reserve all rights to do so at any time.
You may contact Cengage at the address listed below, with e-mail preferred.  
[private]  
[private]  

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Principles of Economics by Mankiw  
www.cengage.com

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/myluco/books-2/blob/b4b5893fa3fb2a8885d4bb3b11ccd32d660d1eba/Principles-of-Economics-7th-Mankiw-Gregory.pdf

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

no

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
