While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I hope this message finds you well. I am writing to bring to your attention an unauthorized copy of the game Gwent, which is owned exclusively by CD Projekt Red (cdprojekt.com), that has been identified by Group-IB.

The offending repository can be found at the following URL: https://github.com/bpedryc/LegacyGwentEng

This repository freely shares an outdated version of the Gwent game, a distribution that is strictly reserved for CD Projekt and its authorized partners. As such, this repository is in clear violation of copyright laws and operates without any authorization from CD Projekt.  
Official Gwent APP and site can be found here: https://www.playgwent.com/it  
Given the evident infringement, we kindly request your immediate assistance in removing this repository from your platform.

Thank you for your prompt attention to this matter, and we appreciate your cooperation.

Best regards,

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

I hope this message finds you well. I am writing to bring to your attention an unauthorized copy of the game Gwent, which is owned exclusively by CD Projekt Red (cdprojekt.com), that has been identified by Group-IB.

The offending repository can be found at the following URL: https://github.com/bpedryc/LegacyGwentEng

This repository freely shares an outdated version of the Gwent game, a distribution that is strictly reserved for CD Projekt and its authorized partners. As such, this repository is in clear violation of copyright laws and operates without any authorization from CD Projekt.  
Official Gwent APP and site can be found here: https://www.playgwent.com/it  
Given the evident infringement, we kindly request your immediate assistance in removing this repository from your platform.

Thank you for your prompt attention to this matter, and we appreciate your cooperation.

Best regards,

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

all repository : https://github.com/bpedryc/LegacyGwentEng

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

Different Patent Technology

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

Reverse Engineering of the apk available on store

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

YES, the repo is not forked

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

[private]  

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Best regards,  
[private]  
[private]  
Group-IB [private]  
Phone: [private]  
E-Mail: [private]  
Web: Group-IB

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
