In response to the DMCA Takedown notice below, GitHub determined that the reported content was made as a personal project in connection with an educational exercise. A disclaimer to that effect was added to the repository.

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

My name is [private] and I am authorized to represent our client - Khan Bank.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The copyrighted work is the Khan bank logo and app

This can be found at : https://khanbank.com/personal/home/ and app https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.khanbank.retail

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

Greetings,


My name is [private] from iZOOlogic Ltd. I am an authorized representative of Khan bank. We are reaching out to you for the removal of this repository that you hosted that infringes on our client's intellectual property rights.


Infringing Resources of this Repository:

https://github.com/Ishwarya2306/KhanBankApp

https://github.com/Ishwarya2306/KhanBankApp/blob/master/Screenshots/LoginPage.png


The reported repository was endorsed for removal as this uses the brand name and logo of Khan Bank as well as using contents foudnon the official Khan bank app. Upon our investigation, the reported repository and resources are being used in creating a fake Khan bank app that may be used for phishing content. Fraudsters may use and download all the resources in the reported repository and may be used for malicious activity once they enhance it. Our client confirmed that they do not authorize this posting and the reported repository is leaked information that is not for public use.

Please note, we are now claiming copyright for the whole repository and ask for it's removal as it is clear it has copied the Khan Bank app and login page and may be used for malicious purposes.

https://github.com/Ishwarya2306/KhanBankApp

https://github.com/Ishwarya2306/KhanBankApp/blob/master/Screenshots/LoginPage.png

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Regards,

[private]
 
**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

N/A

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

N/A

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
