**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am [private] for RG Nets, Inc., whose proprietary code this is. I have been authorized to file this DMCA notice on behalf of the company by the [private] of the company, [private].

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

This code is not posted online, it is a literal copy of our proprietary code that the user came into possession of when employed by RG Nets. It is our internal infrastructure - the code for our ERP including support tickets, website architecture, access credentials and more. It is important to note also that this code is being posted as proof that he can provide additional proprietary code in an attempt to extort money from our company, and while that is not directly under the scope of a DMCA takedown, it may provide some understanding about the magnitude of what we are ultimately attempting to report. This is the second repository this person has created, under a different username. (The first was [private], the repo has been taken down)

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The entire repository should be taken down. ( https://github.com/rxgcodev/rxg_infrastructure). There may be code that is not directly our proprietary code called as dependencies, but the primary code contained in this repo is ours.

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

At this time there are none, the code was posted yesterday. We will watch for forks and will pursue those infringements if necessary.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

When he originally contacted us for employment, he used [private]

He has also publicly posted [private] in his efforts to sell the source code for our software, the rXg.

I do not know what additional contact information he uses. Our understanding is that he is based in [private], but this may be inaccurate or out of date.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private] - [private]

You can also contact [private], [private] of RG Nets, Inc. - [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
