**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

We are a server game development team for the Chinese version of Minecraft https://mc.163.com. We have been distributing our DLC through the game. However, in an update on May 9, 2023, one of our engineers mistakenly distributed an unencrypted and unobfuscated version in the form of a JAR file. This user cracked the main body of the game to obtain this jar of the DLC. We replaced the obfuscated version with an updated version the following day. This user decompiled and leaked that version, and the decompiled code contains confidential information such as game anti-cheat mechanisms and game mechanics. They have also developed cheat programs based on the source code, which is illegal in [private]. We urgently hope that these contents can be removed.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

We have added some proof information to the http api used by this project to prove that the project comes from us.

https://github.com/ChenZhilinMC/ClayCore-230504-Decompiled/blob/main/com/trychen/clay/core/feature/game/NeteaseBind.java is using data from [private]  
https://github.com/ChenZhilinMC/ClayCore-230504-Decompiled/blob/main/com/trychen/clay/core/resource/image/ImagePool.java is using data domain [private]  
https://github.com/ChenZhilinMC/ClayCore-230504-Decompiled/blob/main/com/trychen/clay/core/feature/manage/anybin/AnyBin.java is send data to [private]  

We added a page stating that the domain belongs to us and that we are applying for the DMCA：  
[private]  
[private]  
[private] is the same domain as my email.

And we can send you the original jar and source if you needed

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/ChenZhilinMC/ClayCore-230504-Decompiled/

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

No

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
