While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

One or more repositories in this DMCA takedown notice has been processed in accordance with GitHub's prohibition on sharing unauthorized product licensing keys, software for generating unauthorized product licensing keys, and/or software for bypassing checks for product licensing keys.

You can learn more in [GitHub's Acceptable Use Policies](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/github-acceptable-use-policies).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am the [private] of the two products.  
A long commit/development history of the two infringed products can be shown via my [private] repos.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The two infringed products include my omik_callist and omik_polititablet.  
The omik_callist can be found on my website here: https://omikkel.com/product/police-calllist/  
The omik_polititablet can be found on my website here: https://omikkel.com/product/police-tablet/

I am the [private] of the two infringed products and i sell the products. This person is not allowed to distribute my work.  
The publisher deobfuscated the files and made a public repo. Removing my licensing system from the files.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

1. https://github.com/BBC02/omikkel-ting-cracks  
2. https://github.com/Zulu1324/omikkel-ting-cracks  
3. https://github.com/atlanticfiler/atlanticfiler/tree/2c58ce73b7faf881d74d3bf92282316c0e0e0886/%5BOMikkel%5D

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

I have obfuscated all of the resources in order to prevent the easy manipulation of my resources.
There is also implemented a licensing system into the resource in order to prevent distribution.

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

They deobfuscate the files, remove the licensing system and then publishes my files in order to limit the sales i can make.

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes and they have been included above.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
