DMCA Agent:

We represent PeaceHealth Networks On Demand LLC dba ZoomCare (“ZoomCare”) in relation to certain intellectual property matters.  I write this letter pursuant to 17 U.S.C. § 512(c) and GitHub’s Private Information Removal Policy.  I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.  A copy of this is attached as a .pdf.

ZoomCare is a healthcare provider based in Portland, Oregon.  It has been engaged in an overhaul of a number of its websites and some of its applications used by its medical professionals and patients.  To accomplish this, it has recruited a number of software engineers.  ZoomCare has recently learned that one of the software engineers’ identity was stolen by an overseas criminal gang, which has used that identity to obtain ZoomCare’s highly confidential and trade secret source code, all of which is subject to copyright protection, and posted that source code on GitHub’s website under the name “codingwizard1010.”  The criminals are seeking ransom to withdraw it from the website.

ZoomCare has been working closely with the FBI in helping to resolve the matter.  In the meantime, ZoomCare submits the following, in compliance with 17 U.S.C. § 512(c), and requests that GitHub promptly remove the copyrighted material.

The copyrighted material consists of each of the repositories currently displayed in the repositories folder for GitHub user codingwizard1010:

·        Roadmap-Zoomcare-

·        pharmacy-app-master

·        emr-health-assessment-form-master

·        zmr-booking-master

·        content-v2-develop-MicroServices

·        zmr-scheduling-master

·        zoomcare-com-v5

 

You may contact ZoomCare through me:

[private]  
Schwabe, Williamson & Wyatt, P.C.   
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  

The FBI agent responsible for this matter is:

[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  

I confirm that ZoomCare and I have a good faith belief that the online display of the above-described material is not authorized by ZoomCare, the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.  I have taken fair use into consideration.  I further confirm that the information provided herein is accurate, and, under penalty of perjury, I confirm that I am authorized to act on behalf of ZoomCare.

I further hereby report that the posting of the information referenced above violates GitHub’s terms of service, and implicates GitHub’s Private Information Removal Policy.  Specifically, the display of a healthcare company’s source code would potentially expose vulnerabilities to criminals to access patient data.  It also includes information about security keys that would result in an increased likelihood of unauthorized access to network facilities.  Accordingly, we respectfully request that the information be removed pursuant to GitHub’s Private Information Removal Policy.

Best regards,

[private]  
