Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

Dear Copyright Agent:

I, the undersigned, state UNDER PENALTY OF PERJURY that:

I am an agent authorized to act on behalf of a person injured by a violation of the U.S. Copyright laws, in particular section(s) 1201(a)(2) and/or 1201(b)(1) of Title 17 of the United States Code, commonly referred to as the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, or "DMCA";

I May Be Contacted At:  
Name of Injured Party: TestDome d.o.o.  
Name: [private]  
Address: [private]  
Company: TestDome d.o.o.  
Email address: [private]  
Phone: [private]  

I have a good faith belief that the source code snippets identified below (by URL) are unlawful under these laws because, among other things, they breach the copyright clause of TestDome's Terms of Use:  
https://www.testdome.com/legal/terms-of-use

Reason:  
Original content, including any solutions to original testing content are owned by TestDome d.o.o. and are available only to our paying customers.

Files found online are our (TestDome) templates for candidates to implement their solutions in so original authorship is split for all files. But, as candidates agree to our Terms of use before taking a test where they assign ownership of their solutions to us (TestDome).

Excerpt:

Copyright  
This website contains data and information, which are protected by trademark, patent and/or copyright laws. No part of this website or our services may be published, distributed, extracted, re-utilized, or reproduced in any material form (including photocopying or storing it in any medium by electronic means and whether or not transiently or incidentally to some other use of this publication) except in accordance with separately agreed permissions or as permitted by the Copyright Designs and Patents Act 1988 or the Copyright and Rights in Databases Regulations 1997, as applicable.
...  
Assignment  
Candidate agrees that upon completing the tests and submitting his or her answers and solutions he or she hereby assigns all rights, title and interest in and to the copyrights to the answers and solutions to the owner of the testing content ("Owner") for its exclusive use and that the Owner shall be the sole and exclusive owner of copyright and other intellectual property rights in said answers and solutions. Users and Candidates agree that the answers and solutions to the testing questions may not be reproduced or republished in any medium without the express written permission of the Owner.

We have found our premium questions (which are only available to paying customers) on your site:

https://gist.github.com/HaruTzuki/9fe444e26f8a5595bd03bcbd3c82b566  
Original content: [private]  

https://gist.github.com/HaruTzuki/3e08e5327fa504facca07e9b46913637  
Original content: [private]  

Since the original content is behind a login and paywall, if needed I can provide screenshots of the content with visible URLs.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  

Thank you for your kind assistance.

Truthfully,

[private]  
TestDome d.o.o.  
www.testdome.com
