Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf? If you are submitting this notice on behalf of a company, please be sure to use an email address on the company's domain. If you use a personal email address for a notice submitted on behalf of a company, we may not be able to process it.**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

[private] wrote the code for a project that has now been published online. The person who published it did not give any credit to [private] on their website. They stated that the app was created by them on their 'About' page.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed.**

[private] wrote and published a web application by the name of Chary (https://charypie.com/). This person forked [private] project, then published it themselves without giving any credit to [private] on their version of the website or in their repository. They stated that the app was created by them despite the fact that they only changed client-facing text. Variables and meta data still say [private] and have references to Chary.

**If the original work referenced above is available online, please provide a URL.**

[private] published project:  
https://charypie.com/

The copy was published to:  
https://koushik-2006.github.io/expense-tracker-1/

**We ask that a DMCA takedown notice list every specific file in the repository that is infringing, unless the entire contents of the repository are infringing on your copyright. Please clearly state that the entire repository is infringing, OR provide the specific files within the repository you would like removed.**

**Based on the above, I confirm that:**

The entire repository is infringing

**Identify the full repository URL that is infringing:**

https://github.com/koushik-2006/expense-tracker-1

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**If you are reporting an allegedly infringing fork, please note that each fork is a distinct repository and <i>must be identified separately</i>. Please read more about <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">forks.</a> As forks may often contain different material than in the parent repository, if you believe any of the repositories or files in the forks are infringing, please list each fork URL below:**

https://github.com/koushik-2006/expense-tracker-1

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Other Change

**Describe the change.**

Please do not publish works that aren't your own and claim that they are yours! You may be a student, but unless you change how your version of the app works, you are just stealing. [private] worked hard on this project, so it is unfair for you to claim you created it when you didn't do any of the work. [private] would like to propose 2 possible solutions to resolve this:

1. If you wish to keep your website up, please include a disclaimer like "This project is a fork of Chary, created by [private]", and provide a link to [private] original Github repository in a way that is easily viewable and accessible from the main page.

2. If you don't want to credit [private], show that you have made contributions to the project beyond changing copy text to prove that you've transformed the project into something unique and your own.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full name for your signature.**

[private]
