Dear Sirs:
 
We are writing on behalf of our company, Alethea Tech Pte Ltd (“Alethea AI”), registered under the laws of [private], which owns exclusive copyrights in proprietary software code related to its innovative technologies and services, notably including Intelligent Non-Fungible Tokens (“iNFTs”), Noah’s Ark software platform, ALIagents systems, AI Protocol frameworks, and legacy website code hosted at inft.alethea.ai (collectively, the “Protected Works”). This proprietary software was developed by our internal development team under employment agreements and work-for-hire arrangements, and is therefore exclusively owned by Alethea AI. 
 
It has come to our attention that a repository listed on the website located at GitHub.com (the "Site") has copied and displayed in totality the Protected Works without authorization from Alethea Tech Pte Ltd. The infringing repository is a direct imitation of the previously used Protected Works of Alethea AI. The repository infringing upon the Protected Works copies the previously written code of Alethea AI, which has since then been updated and modified by Alethea AI to reflect the new changes in the industry. The repository’s code still mentions references to proprietary websites of Alethea AI and prima facie demonstrates that this repo is the property of Alethea AI, just uploaded by another use without authorization. This letter is to serve notice of this infringement according to 17 U.S.C. § 512.
 
We have reproduced a small excerpt from the infringing repo below for your reference, from the file directory at “alethea-ai-backend/server/settings.py” which demonstrates the use of Alethea AI’s proprietary code. This is an example and does not limit the takedown to this file only:
 
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
 
Pursuant to 17 U.S.C. § 512, we provide the following information:
 
1. We are writing on behalf of our company, Alethea Tech Pte Ltd, the exclusive rights holder of the Protected Works currently being infringed on the Site, a list of which appears on Exhibit A hereto.  
2. The infringing material is located at the URL within the Site. See Exhibit A hereto for reference to this repo. You may contact Alethea Tech Pte Ltd through its undersigned representative at:  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
3. We have read and understood GitHub’s Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice. 
4. We believe in good faith that the use of the referenced works on the Site is not authorized by Alethea Tech Pte Ltd, its agent, or the law, including under the fair use defense. 
5. The information in this notification is accurate, and, under penalty of perjury, we are authorized to act on behalf of Alethea Tech Pte Ltd, the owner of the exclusive rights in the works infringed by the Site. 
 
We therefore demand that the use of the infringing code immediately remove the complete code or that you immediately remove the infringing material from the Site, and confirm such removal to the undersigned within five days of the date hereof. The foregoing is without prejudice to any of our company's rights, remedies, and defenses, all of which are expressly reserved.
 
Sincerely, 
 
[private]  
 
[private]  
[private]  
For and on behalf of Alethea Tech Pte Ltd.
 
EXHIBIT A. List of Infringing Works and URLs on the Site
 
1- https://github.com/zacharyrichardson212/alethea-ai-backend 
