Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

Acknowledgement: I have read and understand GitHub's Private Privacy Removal Policy and DMCA Policy;

Complaint unit: Shenzhen Magic Security Technology Co., Ltd (entrusted by China Merchants Bank);

Responsible person: [private], contact telephone number: [private];

Unit e-mail: [private];

Unit address: [private] Email:[private];

Request matters:

(1) After investigation, our company found that on the open source community Github platform, a user uploaded sensitive internal source code related to China Southern Airlines. The uploaded source code document was uploaded to Github by an individual without permission.

(2) Specific information description:

Leakage Address 1:

In March 2020, user InfiniteAAAAA leaked the database connection information of China Southern Airlines' internal projects in the following link:

https://github.com/InfiniteAAAAA/Spring-Boot-Shiro/blob/882b768012b4317db66ac6841580daf74766727e/src/main/resources/application-test.yml

(Note: csair.com is the domain name registered and filed by China Southern Airlines, and the English abbreviation of China Southern Airlines is csair). After verification by China Southern Airlines' internal security personnel, this code contains China Southern Airlines' internal sensitive information, and this leakage is the source code information of the active system. Exposed on the public platform, it may be used by attackers at any time, causing serious security incidents. We hope that GitHub official can assist in requiring the user to delete the repository at the above link.

[private]

Leakage Address 2:

In June 2018, user fangyong2 leaked the database connection information of China Southern Airlines' internal projects in the following link:

https://github.com/fangyong2/mybatisgenerator/blob/6568b8192cd228db91aa12543708993420890bfe/src/main/resources/db.properties#L3

(Note: csair.com is the domain name registered and filed by China Southern Airlines, and the English abbreviation of China Southern Airlines is csair. The repository is determined to be China Southern Airlines' internal repository by the project package name "[private]"). After verification by China Southern Airlines' internal security personnel, this code contains China Southern Airlines' internal sensitive information, and this leakage is the source code information of the active system. Exposed on the public platform, it may be used by attackers at any time, causing serious security incidents. We hope that GitHub official can assist in requiring the user to delete the repository at the above link.

[private]

[private]

Leakage Address 3:

In December 2017, user yijian168168 leaked the database connection information of China Southern Airlines' internal projects in the following link:

https://github.com/yijian168168/WorkPlace-DbUtils/blob/b80a5cdf492fdb9ac685fa4e8b74ad4baec53828/dbutils/src/main/resources/properties/app.properties

(Note: csair.com is the domain name registered and filed by China Southern Airlines, and the English abbreviation of China Southern Airlines is csair. The repository is determined to be China Southern Airlines' internal repository by the database name "[private]"). After verification by China Southern Airlines' internal security personnel, this code contains China Southern Airlines' internal sensitive information, and this leakage is the source code information of the active system. Exposed on the public platform, it may be used by attackers at any time, causing serious security incidents. We hope that GitHub official can assist in requiring the user to delete the repository at the above link.

[private]

Leakage Address 4:

In August 2017, user aswl01 leaked the database connection information of China Southern Airlines' internal projects in the following link:

https://github.com/aswl01/OSM_SYSTEM/blob/a467848a5dad0e240ce340a0ae28e440a4089647/target/classes/application.properties

(Note: csair.com is the domain name registered and filed by China Southern Airlines, and the English abbreviation of China Southern Airlines is csair. The repository is determined to be China Southern Airlines' internal repository by the project package name "[private]"). After verification by China Southern Airlines' internal security personnel, this code contains China Southern Airlines' internal sensitive information, and this leakage is the source code information of the active system. Exposed on the public platform, it may be used by attackers at any time, causing serious security incidents. We hope that GitHub official can assist in requiring the user to delete the repository at the above link.

[private]

[private]

Leakage Address 5:

In August 2017, user chennqqi3 leaked the 3des key information of China Southern Airlines' internal projects in the following link:

https://github.com/chennqqi3/Languang/blob/4116bbc9f24823c4aa86f1b1a429e54472a4f7c0/eCloud/eCloud/ThirdLib/DES/DES.m#L17

(Note: The Chinese abbreviation of China Southern Airlines is "China Southern Airlines", and the project is determined to be China Southern Airlines' internal project by "China Southern Airlines Test"). After verification by China Southern Airlines' internal security personnel, this code contains China Southern Airlines' internal sensitive information, and this leakage is the source code information of the active system. Exposed on the public platform, it may be used by attackers at any time, causing serious security incidents. We hope that GitHub official can assist in requiring the user to delete the repository at the above link.

[private]

[private]

Leakage Address 6:

In February 2010, user yanchangyou leaked the database connection information of China Southern Airlines' internal projects in the following link:

https://github.com/yanchangyou/pipeline/blob/6cb10723d7ed74ba54e5d62ef0f2c7061ec1e486/pipeline-12/forge/pioneer/pipeline-pioneer.xml

(Note: csair.com is the domain name registered and filed by China Southern Airlines, and the English abbreviation of China Southern Airlines is csair). After verification by China Southern Airlines' internal security personnel, this code contains China Southern Airlines' internal sensitive information, and this leakage is the source code information of the active system. Exposed on the public platform, it may be used by attackers at any time, causing serious security incidents. We hope that GitHub official can assist in requiring the user to delete the repository at the above link.

[private]

Leakage Address 7:

In April 2013, user PepperYan leaked important information such as the IP addresses [private] and [private] of China Southern Airlines' internal systems in the following link:

https://github.com/PepperYan/bsl-client/blob/63a5c2a6d653481a05bc12ebe6dc19d4d7334ef6/platforms/ios/bsl/Classes/Core/.svn/text-base/Config-foss.m.svn-base#L7

(Note: csair.com is the domain name registered and filed by China Southern Airlines, and the English abbreviation of China Southern Airlines is csair). After verification by China Southern Airlines' internal security personnel, this code contains China Southern Airlines' internal sensitive information, and this leakage is the source code information of the active system. Exposed on the public platform, it may be used by attackers at any time, causing serious security incidents. We hope that GitHub official can assist in requiring the user to delete the repository at the above link.

[private]

[private]

Leakage Address 8:

In March 2014, user wweiradio leaked important information such as the IP addresses [private] and [private] of China Southern Airlines' internal systems in the following link:

https://github.com/wweiradio/bsl-client/blob/25f9dc9e5aa02643e6539e4fea44d07b3a1eac6b/platforms/ios/bsl/Classes/Core/Config-soc.m#L22

(Note: csair.com is the domain name registered and filed by China Southern Airlines, and the English abbreviation of China Southern Airlines is csair). After verification by China Southern Airlines' internal security personnel, this code contains China Southern Airlines' internal sensitive information, and this leakage is the source code information of the active system. Exposed on the public platform, it may be used by attackers at any time, causing serious security incidents. We hope that GitHub official can assist in requiring the user to delete the repository at the above link.

[private]

[private]

[private]

Description:

(1) The content of the above-mentioned warehouse file seriously infringes upon the rights and interests of China Southern Airlines. The content of the complaint is the internal non-public source code of China Southern Airlines, involving relevant configuration information and domain name information. We hereby apply for official assistance from Github to remove it from the shelves in a timely manner.

(2) We hope that the above user can delete the entire warehouse provided in the 2nd appeal above.

(3) We cannot know the information of the infringer.

(4) Our company has also complained about the removal of sensitive information on the GitHub platform before, and the submitted materials and leaked warehouse address are also accurate. Since the leaked content is related to internal source code information, we ask GitHub to assist in removing it as soon as possible. Thank you very much.



Statement:

(1) I firmly believe that the use of the above copyrighted material on infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law, and I have considered fair use.

(2) Our company is the legal rights holder of the content of the complaint (with a letter of authorization)

(3)  We hereby swear that the information in this notice is accurate and that we are the authorized representative of the copyright owner for the allegedly infringed proprietary rights, and that we are under penalty of perjury for any inaccuracy.

(4) We warrant that the information in this notice is sufficient, true and accurate, and that we are authorized to exercise the rights and interests of the contents listed in item 2.

 

 

 

Yours sincerely

 

Github Official

 

[private] (commissioned by China Southern Airlines):

Shenzhen Magic Square Security Technology Co.

Date: [private]

Applicant's signature: [private]
