Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?  

Yes, I am the copyright holder.


Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?

No


Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?

GitHub


Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.

This game is licensed to Poki B.V. for display and monetization. Its source code, graphics, and name have been illegally copied and are currently published and hosted on GitHub without the developers permission.

In addition, many of our other exclusively licensed games are also being made available on this website without authorization.

We request that this page and its associated domain be removed immediately, as they have inadvertently overtaken the top Google search position for the original game name.


Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.

This game is a HTML5 web game and is licensed to Poki BV to display and monetise on the web. It is hosted by the copyright owner, Poki BV, at https://poki.com/en/g/eggy-car. Copying its brandname, HTML5 code + graphics assets and re-hosting them on Github without the developers permission constitutes copyright infringement.


Based on the above, I confirm that:

The whole Repository is infringing: 

https://eggy-car.github.io/

Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content?

Yes


What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?

Our HTML5 games are only allowed to run on whitelisted domains. On our backends we take care of domain-whitelisting and other integrity checks. Due to the nature of HTML5 games i.e. client-side code, it’s easy to rehost and run it elsewhere. Experiments with code-mangling, site-locking and obfuscation have thus far only hurt legitimate players, whilst for game-rippers it remained trivial to circumvent.


How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?
This is a clone of the games HTML5 code. Downloaded and rehosted on GitHub.


Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately. As forks may often contain different material than in the parent repository, if you believe any of the repositories or files in the forks are infringing, please list each fork below:
We haven't found any forks


Is the work licensed under an open source license?

No


What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?

Reported content must be removed


Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.

No


I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.

Yes


I have taken fair use into consideration.

Yes


I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Yes


I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice.

Yes


So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.

[private]  
Poki B.V.  
[private]  
[private]  

Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.

[private]  

