June 1, 2020

 

GitHub, Inc

Attn: DMCA Agent

88 Colin P Kelly Jr St

San Francisco, CA. 94107

 

DMCA Agent:

 

I am the owner and copyright holder of the account repository and code located at:

https://github.com/cengroup3e/Research-Web-App

 

The collaborators for this project were five individuals and myself.  Their full names and corresponding GitHub usernames are below:

 

[private]               [private]  

[private]                          [private]

[private]                       [private]

[private]                 [private]

[private]                   [private]

 

These five individuals were students responsible for contributing to the project as part of a university class and received a grade for their effort.  I was their client and provided the content for this project which contains my graduate research at the University of Florida.  As was the standard agreement for all participating individuals/companies, at the end of the semester, all relevant accounts and files were to be turned over to the participating individuals/companies or clients that provided the content for development of each web application.  This would transfer control and copyright to allow maintenance, and possible further development of the content by the client owners.

 

The hosted content is a direct, literal copy of my research.  As I am the owner and copyright holder, I do not authorize the repository, content, or website on GitHub.  The repository and its content contains my research, does not constitute fair use, and is not under an open-source use license.  The only solution for the alleged infringement is to delete the repositories on Github and remove any files on local machines. The repository cannot be made private, or exist on any other platform for distribution or viewing.  Please immediately delete the entire repositories and any corresponding forks, including these links below:

 

https://github.com/cengroup3e/Research-Web-App

https://github.com/cengroup3e/historichue.github.io

 

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

You may contact me at [private].  Since this is private info; I do not give authorization to publish my name, email, phone, signature, or other contact details on your site or public repository.  This includes any data in this letter with [private] indicators.

 

[private]

[private]
