**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am working in Webkul Software Pvt. Ltd. as [private] and I am an authorized person to represent our company.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Actually, there is a 3rd party person using our code and license and providing it free of cost in github here is the link of that
https://github.com/choudharyr/oistocore/tree/master/app/addons

If you see the above link you will find he is openly using our addons, although he is not authorized to do so, neither Webkul SOftware as any relation with him.  
Let me proof that, please check this screenshot [private]  
Here you can see the products he is providing is belong to Webkul Software please check [private]

Now, if you visit Joomla extension Directory( https://extensions.joomla.org/extension/wk-social-login/ ) where we post our Joomla addons you will find the proof that these are our products, here is the proof, [private]

Also, he is just our license too, how this unauthorized person can do that, he has no rights to do that.
Please find the details of the license of Webkul Software Pvt. Ltd that is using by this unauthorized person.

Here is the license details: https://github.com/choudharyr/oistocore/blob/master/webkul-license-guide.TXT

Through this link it is very clear that this unauthorized person is using Webkul license.

Please find the screenshot of the license guide of Webkul Software Pvt. Ltd., here you can easily check everywhere Webkul is mentioned properly.

So, I would like to request you kindly down this unauthorized person access from our code and license.  
Please check this [private]  
Here it is clearly visible that he is using our license.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

Here is it https://github.com/choudharyr/oistocore/tree/master/app/addons  
These entire things are Webkul's copyrights the addons he has.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Here all the addons he has is actually Webkul's products [private]  
[private]

Everything should be down. Please cooperate.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

Yes, it is under open source license. But except Webkul Software Pvt Ltd no body or individual can not have any rights to use those license ownership.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

I would like to request you please down the entire things, it is badly impacting our business. I have already generated the tickets 2 times and provide the entire proof but I haven't seen any positive approach yet.  
This time again I have provided all the proofs and I hope at least this time you will take the right action ASSP.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No, we don't have anything, we have only this https://github.com/choudharyr/oistocore

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
