**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am the original author of the infringed work.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The original work can be found on my website at this URL: https://mgba.io/2014/12/28/classic-nes/ as well as on GitHub here: https://github.com/mgba-emu/mgba-news/blob/master/2014-12-28-classic-nes.markdown -- note that this repository does not contain a license.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The infringing work can be found in the "weekly-geekly" GitHub pages repository located at this URL: https://github.com/weekly-geekly/weekly-geekly.github.io/blob/master/articles/321198/index.html -- it appears to be a translation from Russian to English of an unauthorized Russian translation of my original work. The similarities are clear on even cursory inspection. In fact, most if not all of these articles appear to be plagiarized, though this is the only one for which I am the original author.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

The repository https://github.com/SiteCodes/weekly-geekly.github.io appears to be forked with no changes from the original repository.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

The infringed work is proprietary and not released under any license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The entire file likely should be removed and preferably purged from git history.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

I do not. I tried to file an issue, but it was predictably ignored.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

My phone number is [private].

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
