Greetings to all, who are concerned.
 
I am authorized to act on behalf of the copyright holder BATTLESTATE GAMES LIMITED. I have read and understand GitHub’s Guide to Filling a DMCA Notice: https://help.github.com/en/github/site-policy/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice.

Our project is "Escape from Tarkov", official site: https://www.escapefromtarkov.com/.  
Our game is not licensed under an open source license therefore we are having reason to believe that any decoding, disassembling of program code is prohibited by the EULA (paragraph 4.2.5).
 
These links contain counterfeit materials related to our software:  
https://github.com/TrustedSourceLeaks/LeakedMods/releases/tag/S0.12.6-R1  
https://github.com/Sorata-senpai/sorata-senpai.github.io/tree/developpement  
https://github.com/Sorata-senpai/sorata-senpai.github.io/tree/developpement/emutarkovwiki/docs/server_functions
 
Our code is compiled and protected by obfuscation and other protective measures. We consider any decompilation, deobfuscation and modification of code infringe our intellectual property rights.
 
"Escape from Tarkov" is the online game and it is a fundamental principle of its distribution and operation. The online component is protected by channel encryption, anti-cheat and other security measures. We guarantee all these measures were specifically developed to have not any opportunity to bypass the online component of our game or to make own online component.  
We consider the infringers have used a modification of decompiled code and an emulation of backend’s servers to develop a bootlegged edition of our online game that directly harms us because it is of poor quality and because we suffer losses.
 
The indicated bootlegged edition is not a mod, our game cannot have mods. It is the ONLINE GAME. That game version lets to play "Escape from Tarkov" without buying it and was created to bypass the means of protection created by the developer to protect its copyright.
 
We require the removal of these files from public access at all.  
The placement of these materials causes financial damage to the BATTLESTATE GAMES LIMITED. The persons who posted the indicated materials act in a criminal way violating the EULA copyright and the rules of the DMCA.
 
Here is our contact information:  
BATTLESTATE GAMES LIMITED  
[private]
 
Unfortunately we do not have the contact details of the offender.
 
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
 
 
--   
Sincerely,  
[private]    
[private]
 
BATTLESTATE GAMES LIMITED  
[private]
