**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I wrote a significant portion of the code in the repository, as evidenced by commits.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

This repository is code written for a group project in a class I took last year, and it was made public (presumably by the professor) without my authorization. I do not have push access to the repository at all. I do not want this code to be public or associated with my name.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

Here are the files which I contributed the most to:

https://github.com/CSC307Fall2019/Group-3/blob/master/webapp/src/components/LogOutButtonS.vue

https://github.com/CSC307Fall2019/Group-3/blob/master/webapp/src/components/LogOutButtonT.vue

https://github.com/CSC307Fall2019/Group-3/blob/master/webapp/public/index.html

https://github.com/CSC307Fall2019/Group-3/blob/master/webapp/tests/e2e/specs/test.js



**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

There are no forks.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

It is not open source, and because it contains material written for an assignment, should not be public at all.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

It could be made private, yes. Otherwise I would like it to be removed.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No, I do not; I do not remember who in the department created the CSC307Fall2019 organization.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
