**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

[private] at Qualcomm, [private], authorized by the company to request the removal of content that violates our private use license.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The material posted at the below websites appears to be a direct or literal copy of a set of files obtained from Qualcomm Atheros, Inc., including direct or literal copies of Qualcomm’s confidential and proprietary source code for reinstallation of the bootloader and system configuration, which Qualcomm shares with third parties only under NDA or similar contract. The folders contain numerous files which appear to be direct, literal copies of Qualcomm's work, as indicated by the confidentiality and copyright statements of Qualcomm Atheros, Inc. appearing in many of the files in the repositories.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/GPAUT/SanityTool

https://github.com/GPAUT/GP_UI_SanityTool

https://github.com/shicaijie/LETPerlApplication

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, I did research, with no forks to list.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

Yes, I did research, with no forks to list.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

In order to remedy the infringement, the affected user must remove all copies of the infringing materials posted publicly by him/her, and delete any and all unauthorized (i.e., not licensed or otherwise authorized by Qualcomm Atheros, Inc.) copies of the infringing materials from his/her possession, custody, or control.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

I have no information regarding the identity of the alleged infringers beyond their Github account names.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Name of Injured Party : Qualcomm Technologies, Inc.

Name and Title: [private]  

Company: Qualcomm Incorporated

Address: 5775 Morehouse Dr.

City, State, and Zip: San Diego, CA 92121

Email address: [private]  

Telephone: [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**
[private]  
