**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
  
Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.  
  
**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**  
  
I am appointed by gridComm Pte Ltd, which is the rightful owner of the work, to act on its behalf. gridComm Pte Ltd. is headquartered in Singapore.  
  
**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
  
The original copyrighted work is about smart street lighting control. The work focuses in the way the concentrator (known as Master Light Controller or MLC) networks, controls and manages the street light slave nodes. In the work, it is explicitly stated it is copyrighted as the following:  
/*****************************************************************************  
* @Function : Platform header, Driver for PLC Module    
* @Author : [private]  
* @Version : 1.5.2.0    
* @Modify Date : 20131016    
* @Copyright GridComm-PLC (C) 2013  
*****************************************************************************/  
The work consists of multiple files and folders. The infringer copied the entire work and kept in his repository at the following URL. The infringer does not seem to have done work on top of the original copyrighted work. The URL of the infringer is at https://github.com/maxushka/gridcommstreetlight/tree/master/MLC-STM32F107  
  
**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**  
  
The entire repository at https://github.com/maxushka/gridcommstreetlight/tree/master/MLC-STM32F107  
  
**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
  
The infringer does not seem to have done work on top of the original copyrighted work and no fork is found at the repository.  
  
**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
  
No, the work is not under an open source license. It is gridComm Pte Ltd’s proprietary intellectual property.  
  
**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**  
  
The infringer must remove the repository and delete everything he might have downloaded into his local copies.  
  
**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**  
  
Unfortunately, no.  
  
**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**  
  
**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**  
  
**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**  
  
**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**  
  
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**  
  
Name: [private]  
Mobile: [private]  
Company address: gridComm Pte Ltd at Block 71, Ayer Rajah Crescent, #05-23, Singapore 139951  
  
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**  
  
[private]  
