**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am the sole author of this software, and the owner of the copyright on it.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

This code has never been published publicly, or authorized for public release. It was created as part of the course material for ECE568 at the University of Toronto; as a employee of the University, I maintain copyright ownership in any software created in relation to courses that I teach.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/shafaaf/ECE568-Computer-Security-1/blob/master/lab1/startercode_ECE568-lab1/targets/stackSetup.c  
https://github.com/shafaaf/ECE568-Computer-Security-1/blob/master/lab1/ECE568-lab1/targets/stackSetup.c

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No: the work is not licensed under an open source license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The repository could be made private, or the material can be removed.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

I do not.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering  
University of Toronto  
10 King's College Road  
Toronto, Ontairo  
Canada M5S 3G4  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
