Hi,

Bytescare is sending this anti-piracy notice as the authorised representative of our client BPB Publications.

Infringing Urls:  
https://rifatshahriyar.github.io/files/CSE281/Let_Us_C_5E.pdf  
The sources mentioned above and in the Evidentiary Section, are copyright works of our client and you are not authorized to distribute/aid in its distribution in any way through your platform.

We hereby request that upon receipt of this notice you immediately take down all the infringing material mentioned above. Failure in responding to this notice can lead to legal proceedings.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification is accurate and that I am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above as allegedly infringing is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.


Digital Signature  
[private]




Evidentiary Information:  
Notice ID:[private]  
Original Work & Channels  
Infringed Work: Let Us C  
Original Work Url: https://bpbonline.com/products/let-us-c-16th-edition  
Description : The book with ISBN 8183331637 and title is 'Let Us C' and author(s) is/are '[private]' which is published by 'BPB Publications'. You can find all the book listings in their e-store and samples mentioned in the work. Check Authorization Letter Here: [private]   
You can further contact the organisation for any information from their website https://bpbonline.com/ or by [private]  
Authorization & Contact Information :  
Authorisation Letter: [private]  
Copyright Agent: Bytescare  
Copyright Holder: BPB Publications  
Copyright Holder Contact Mail: [private]  
Please reply to us at [private] in case of any inquiry.

Cordially,  
[private]  
Bytescare Abuse Team  
Copyright Agent For BPB Publications 
[private]  
Pin Code: [private]  
City: [private]  
State: [private]  
Country: [private]  
Phone [private]  
Email [private]
