**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am [private] assigned to work for Autodesk, Inc., under the supervision of [private]. The infringing content posted to Github.com is the copyrighted material of Autodesk, Inc.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The original copyrighted work consists of the confidential and proprietary source code of Autodesk, Inc., products. This material has not been posted online by Autodesk, Inc.
The following code launches Revit Core Engine, a UI-less version of Revit. This code can only be obtained by decompiling Autodesk product code. It is not possible to determine which specific DLL was decompiled since this code is included in multiple Autodesk products including Navisworks and Inventor.

```
[private]
```

No third party is authorized by Autodesk to use Revit UI-less functionality.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/tchivs/Tchivs.RevitEngine/blob/master/src/Tchivs.RevitEngine.RevitShare/RevitAppTemplate.cs  
https://github.com/439440190/LYQ_Tools/blob/ef218c2d8967b879ea254ef09ca2eb530b78b556/LYQ_Tools/LYQ_Tools_Client/RevitCoreContext.cs  
https://github.com/xiongbigbear/RevitExampales/blob/eaa0f4b39bda6f4483a716b1b8beb9e91a24daad/RevitExamples/RevitNETtest/MainWindow.xaml.cs  
https://github.com/kelicto/Common/blob/73cc6a69ce17f5f36ba3deb17e19ac86000480c9/KeLi.Common.Revit/Widgets/RevitContext.cs  
https://github.com/HeZhongHao/DotNet.Revit/blob/52f9949661c9cb03d8b94f9f9f7f37d085eb6044/DotNet.Revit/DotNet.Revit.NET/Program.cs  
https://github.com/xiongbigbear/RevitExamples.RevitNET/blob/0e42361480bc68f82595dbf947f7f937bd2cbb9b/MainWindow.xaml.cs  
https://github.com/xiongbigbear/RevitExamples.RevitNET/blob/0e42361480bc68f82595dbf947f7f937bd2cbb9b/README.md  
https://github.com/tchivs/RevitConsole/blob/8bfdefa1d99a58c4b2bd70b5fc5d60d85a384cf5/RevitConsole/Program.cs  
https://github.com/HuangGuaDaGuiNan/RevitCustomFamilySuffix/blob/0ab88f22b669bc07c7c9452965422046c6fdd390/CustomFamilySuffix/CustomFamilySuffix/RevitCoreContext.cs

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, all branches including the code are listed.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

The work that is the subject of the takedown requests is not under an open-source license. This work is licensed under a proprietary license that includes specific prohibitions against reverse engineering and bypassing of license manager limitations. The materials included at these links additionally provide instructions for how to reverse-engineer and bypass technical licensing measures in violation of Autodesk's end user license agreement terms. The purpose of the posts is to enable persons who have not properly licensed Autodesk software to access and use the core engine of one of Autodesk's most important proprietary software products.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The best solution is the complete removal of the indicated links. The fact that it is being forked indicates that this highly confidential and proprietary information of Autodesk, Inc. is at great risk of spreading and causing Autodesk irreparable harm.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

111 McInnis Parkway  
San Rafael, CA 94903  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
