**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am the sole creator of Shapes

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

My original copyrighted work is called Shapes (https://acegikmo.com/shapes), located in the private repository [private]  

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The private Shapes repository, located at [private], has been copied in its entirety by someone who legitimately got a license to access the original repository, but illegitimately copied it to a public repository at https://github.com/l33tcoder420/shapes which is explicitly not permitted in the license of Shapes, and this is likely the same person who uploaded the previous one I also filed a DMCA claim against, at https://github.com/shapes41/shapes/

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

there are no forks of the infringing repository

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

N/A (Shapes is not open source)

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

the repository has to be removed. The issue is that they created a new account just to do this, so I can't identify who, among the 288 people who have access to the original repository, copied it. I'd like to kick out whoever it was that did it, but I don't have any ip addresses or anything to cross reference this, but maybe GitHub does?

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

all I know is that they created an account, possibly for the second time, seemingly for the sole reason of stealing Shapes, this is their account: https://github.com/l33tcoder420

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
