I am resubmitting the details as required in the email send to me against my previous complaint.

"I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice."

My full legal signature is as follows: [Private].

__Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?__

Authorized to act of copyright owner's behalf.

__What work was allegedly infringed? If possible, please provide a URL:__

All the code available on following link was developed by my organization for a customer. An employee uploaded this proprietary code on github out of error or oversight:

https://github.com/madmax994570/VodafoneApp_swift

This employee is identified with USERID: madmax994570 at Github

__What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:__

All of the code at: https://github.com/madmax994570/VodafoneApp_swift

__Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.__

YES.

__Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?__

NO.

__What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?__

Best solution is to remove the complete code.

__Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:__

The employee is identified as madmax994570 on github.

__Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."__

"I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."

__Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."__

"I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."

__Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/__

"I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice."

__So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:__

[Private]

__Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:__

[Private]
Wipro Ltd  
Bangalore India
