INFRINGEMENT OF CENGAGE LEARNING, INC.  
Notice of Infringement via Email  
27500 Drake Road  
Farmington Hills, MI 48331  

10/24/2016  

github.com http://www.github.com  

Attention github.com:

I am writing to notify you about violations of certain rights of Cengage Learning, Inc. and/or its subsidiaries and affiliated companies (“Cengage”) on your service and to demand that you take immediate corrective action to cease this infringement and prevent further violations of Cengage’s rights.

Cengage holds certain intellectual property rights in the works listed below, which are a representative list of the copyrighted works owned by Cengage that are being infringed on your service.

I have a good faith belief that use of the works in the manner described herein is not authorized by Cengage, its agent, or the law, and confirm under penalty of perjury that I am authorized to act on Cengage’s behalf in connection with this notice.

More specifically, use of the works in the manner described herein infringes Cengage’s copyright and trademark rights under state and federal law. Beyond the United States, the Berne Convention for the Protection of Literary and Artistic Works, the Universal Copyright Convention and bilateral treaties with other countries provide for protection of Cengage’s copyrighted works.

We have included below examples of locations on your service where infringing copies of the works are available. You are not authorized to host, distribute, or otherwise make available or facilitate the making available of any copies of the works on your service.

Cengage demands that you immediately and permanently remove from your service all copies of the works listed below. This includes the copies available at the links below as well as any other copies of these same works that you are hosting.

101 GREAT RESUMES - by FRY, GAME CODING COMPLETE - by MCSHAFFRY, PROGRAMMING LOGIC AND DESIGN - by FARRELL, A CONCISE INTRODUCTION TO LOGIC - by HURLEY, ESSENTIAL CALCULUS: EARLY TRANSCENDENTALS - by STEWART, PROGRAMMING LOGIC & DESIGN COMPREHENSIVE - by FARRELL

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

This email is not a complete statement of Cengage’s rights in connection with this matter, and nothing contained herein constitutes an express or implied waiver of any rights, remedies, or defenses of Cengage in connection with this matter, all of which are expressly reserved.

Sincerely,  
[private],  
MarkMonitor Anti-Piracy Team  

Email: [private]  

Addendum to Notice of Infringement

http://github.com/andrew889/game_server/blob/master/books/Game Coding Complete 4th (1).pdf  
http://github.com/RandyMcMillan/MAC2312/blob/master/TextBook/Stewart%20J.-Essential%20calculus.%20Early%20transcendentals-Brooks%20(2013).pdf  
http://github.com/RandyMcMillan/PHI1100/blob/master/Hurley P.J. A concise introduction to logic (11ed., Wadsworth, 2012)(ISBN 0840034172)(O)(750s)_MAml_.pdf  
http://github.com/RandyMcMillan/COP1000/blob/master/Farrell%20-%20Programming%20Logic%20and%20Design%20Comprehensive%206th%20txtbk.pdf  
http://github.com/shootthepoets/information-technology-ebooks/blob/master/[INTERVIEW][101%20Great%20Resumes%20by%20Ron%20Fry,%203rd%20Edition].pdf  
http://github.com/shootthepoets/information-technology-ebooks/blob/master/%5BINTERVIEW%5D%5B101%20Great%20Resumes%20by%20Ron%20Fry,%203rd%20Edition%5D.pdf  
http://github.com/RandyMcMillan/COP1000/blob/master/Farrell - Programming Logic and Design Comprehensive 6th txtbk.pdf  
