**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
[private] - Yes

**What work was allegedly infringed? If possible, please provide a URL:**  
[private] -  
https://github.com/repro000/PSC-App  
https://github.com/Pointy-hair/PSC-App  

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**  
[private] -  
https://github.com/repro000/PSC-App  
https://github.com/Pointy-hair/PSC-App  

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
[private] - The PSC-App is a project used in iOS app and which is live. All the coding we have in this repo are copyrighted to Pearson. https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/pearson-system-courses-for/id666044882?mt=8
One of the developer accidentally created a public repo and we assume that the beloew repos are copied from that.

We also ask that you include answers to the following questions that were left blank:

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
[private] - We found two repositories and all copy of the same.  
https://github.com/repro000/PSC-App  
https://github.com/Pointy-hair/PSC-App  

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
[private] - The PSC-App is not under open source licensing and its copy righted under Pearson Inc..

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  
[private] - Since we don't have important system credentials checked in, we are ok once the repositories are taken down.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
[private] - No

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  

[private] - I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  
[private] - I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
[private] - Yes

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
[private] -  
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
[private]
