October 27, 2016  
VIA EMAIL (copyright@github.com)  
[private]  
D [private]  
F [private]  
[private]  

Github, Inc.
copyright@github.com

Re: Takedown Request of Github Post Containing Xilinx Inc.’s Copyrighted Material /
Repeated Infringement by Github User “Reversing-Research”

Dear Github DMCA Team:

This firm represents Xilinx, Inc. (“Xilinx”) in connection with certain intellectual property matters. Xilinx
is a leading semiconductor, software, and hardware company with over $2.3 billion in annual revenues
(fiscal year 2014). Additional information about Xilinx, its products, and its corporate history is provided
at Xilinx’s website, www.xilinx.com. Xilinx’s offerings are founded on and used in connection with
numerous pieces of copyrighted material and trade secrets, including proprietary source code.

This letter follows recent correspondence with [private] from your GitHub Support team, and is sent to
comply with her request that we provide additional URLs that link to infringing material and files.

Xilinx recently learned that certain of its proprietary and copyrighted source code, passphrases,
encryptions, and software “keys” have been made available, directly and/or via Internet links, on your
website at the following webpage:

https://github.com/reversing-research/p1735discussion Please see the phrase “Currently setting up a
new repo on https://haklab4ulibiyeix.onion.to/revres/XilinxUnprotect,” which links to infringing material.
Please remove this website immediately.

https://github.com/reversing-research/p1735discussion/blob/master/README.md This is the master of
the Github page directly above. Please remove this website immediately.

https://github.com/reversing-research/XilinxUnprotect For reference, this is the site previously taken
down due to a DMCA request. The “reversing-research” user has merely used the above two Github
websites to link to the material previously found here, i.e., the user continues to use Github to make
infringing material available.

The copyrighted information was submitted by GitHub user “reversing-research.” Please be aware that this
user’s posts have previously been the subject of successful takedown requests on the Github website
initiated by Xilinx, Inc., for copyright infringement reasons identical to those detailed here. I have a good
faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web page is not
authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. In fact, Xilinx has taken substantial steps to
protect this information, and is highly concerned by the presence of this material on your website. 
Therefore, we request that you immediately remove the entirety of the posted material detailed above.

Additionally, and as stated above, Xilinx is highly concerned that this user, “reversing-research,”
continuously engages in copyright infringement of Xilinx materials, and uses Github as a platform for such
activities. In fact, the user self-identifies as an infringer on your website, stating “I collect DMCA notices.”
See Exhibit A. We therefore request that you suspend or delete his user account, or take equally
appropriate action based on his repeated infringement of Xilinx’s valuable proprietary source code.

I have read and understand Github’s Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice. Further, I swear, under penalty of
perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am authorized to act on behalf of
the copyright owner of an exclusive right that is infringed. If needed, please contact me using the
contact information provided below.

Date: October 27, 2016 

Sincerely,  
[private]  
K&L Gates, LLP  
630 Hansen Way  
Palo Alto, CA 94304  
P: [private]  
E: [private]  
