### Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?

I am authorized to act on behalf of Odoo SA, the copyright owner.

### What work was allegedly infringed? If possible, please provide a URL:

The proprietary source code of Odoo and Odoo Enterprise, from the following repositories:  
https://github.com/odoo/odoo  
[private]  

### What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:  

The following repositories must be entirely taken down:  
https://github.com/ecoreos/i6  
https://github.com/ecoreos/5  

These repositories include partial and complete copies of the abovementioned Odoo repositories, with **all copyright and license information removed**, and **all occurrences of "Odoo" replaced with "eCore"**. This completely violates the respective licenses of the copyrighted work.

### Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.

Yes I have searched for forks, and could not find any.

### Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?

The parts that come from the odoo/odoo repository are licensed under the GNU Lesser General Public License v3.0 (LGPLv3). The infringing files are in violation of that license, because all original copyright and names have been removed or replaced (Section 4 and 5 of the GPLv3 license, that is incorporated in the LGPLv3 license).

The parts that come from the odoo/enterprise repository are licensed under a proprietary license, the Odoo Enterprise Edition License v1.0 (and published without authorization). The terms of the license can be found here: [private]

### What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?

Taking down both repositories entirely is the only solution.

### Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:

Based on committer information we believe that the owners of these e-mails accounts are involved in the infringement: [private] and [private]  
We have contacted them on September 29, 2016, asking for our material to be taken down, and never received an answer.

### Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

### Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

### Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

### So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:

My mobile phone number is [private]

### Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:

[private]  
