I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

It has come to my attention that LoopRecur whom was hired to provide
development services under contract and a confidentiality agreement has
made public multiple repositories containing source code to our mobile
application.

The URLs of the repositories are:  
https://github.com/loop-recur/btrendr  
https://github.com/loop-recur/btrendr-api  

While we are no longer contracting LoopRecur for further development work,
the public content of these repositories is a direct violation of the
confidentiality and copyright our our Intellectual Property.

LoopRecur has breached the development contract which is why they are no
longer developing on the project. The material contained in the full
repositities are in question and we require a cease and desist of
displaying and making public the content within.

Please either have LoopRecur make the repositories private or delete the
entire repository. Otherwise we ask that you forceably remove the content
as a violation of DMCA.

I can be reached at:

[Private]

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described
above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner,
or its agent, or the law.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed.

Respectfully,  
[Private]
