**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
Q: Yes.

**What work was allegedly infringed? If possible, please provide a URL:**  
Q: Our project's online website URL: http://m.gh.u.360.cn/. This is a wap site, you can access it from mobile devices.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**  
Q: The entire repository must be taken down. The repository's URL is : https://github.com/luckyJessie/m_gonghui.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
Q: We don't find any forks of this repository so far.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
Q: No, this work is not open sourced. This is a private project in our company, its source code should not be shared in a public area.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  
Q: No, this repository must be removed.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
Q: No, we don't have any contact information about the infringer. If possible, we would like you to provide the contact information of the infringer to make sure him be held accountable

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
Q: Yes.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
Tel: [private]  
Addr: [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
[private]
