[private],

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

We believe the file has been uploaded by a current or former employee of Asurion, LLC. The link below contains code which is owned by Soluto, a subsidiary of Asurion. I’m not sure what other information is required as this is an explicit violation of our company information distribution policy.

The files can be found at:

https://github.com/dtgm/chocolatey-packages/blob/master/ketarin/soluto.xml

Here is a screen shot with paths belonging to Soluto.

[private]

We are requesting the files be removed from the site and completely purged from the user’s account. This is proprietary company information that is in direct violation of Asurion corporate policy. Soluto is a subsidiary organization owned and operated under Asurion, LLC.

We have not contacted the user as no contact information has been provided for public consumption on the account.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Please let me know if there is any further information or action required on our end.

Thanks,

[private]

[private]

648 Grassmere Park Drive, Suite 300, Nashville, TN 37211

[private]

www.asurion.com

