1.

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.  
2.

Identify the copyrighted work you believe has been infringed. As
already clearly state to you, your user posted my original poem "When I'm
Hurting" without my authorization nor was I given credit for my words at
the following link:
https://github.com/akmcc/Craigslust/blob/master/Portland_text.txt  
specifically lines 1779-1801  
3.

Identify the material that you allege is infringing the copyrighted work
listed in item #2, above. My poem "When I'm Hurting" was completely
copied word-for-word from my website at:  
http://angelfire.com/amiga/depression/poems.html and pasted in your  
website at:  
https://github.com/akmcc/Craigslust/blob/master/Portland_text.txt  
(lines 1779-1801).  
4.

Explain what the affected user would need to do in order to remedy the
infringement. REMOVE MY POEM FROM YOUR WEBSITE!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I already
contacted you and requested you do so per DMCA!!!!!!!  
5.

Provide your contact information. [private], [private] ,   
[private], [private].  
6.

Provide contact information, if you know it, for the alleged infringer. No
clue. It's your website, you figure it out.  
7.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials
described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the
copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.  
8.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed.  
9.
