**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
Jason-Liu-Dream is my github, which use this email to sign in.
And Last year I commit a project named "dark_new", which using detect the hiddenlink.
But my team tell me our company didn't like us commit this project. And some code is using my
colleague named [private], you can found auth in .py file which in path "dark_core.factory" . and this way disclosure some commay code.  
So I delete this project last year. But now I fond someone fork this project.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**  
https://github.com/GhostStar/dark_new  
[removed in previous DMCA takedown]  

He didn't modify any code after he fork this project. So I hope you can help me to remove this code.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

I am sure I had read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/

And you can get back to me using email: [private], because I am not in US.

Best regards!

[private]
