__Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?__

Yes

__What work was allegedly infringed? If possible, please provide a URL:__

[private]

__What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:__

https://github.com/d8d/mapd-sources

__Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.__

At this moment there are no forks.

__Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?__

The repository contains proprietary code we have developed (representing 7+ developer years of work). We mark our website with copyright markers, as can be seen in footer of http://www.mapd.com/demos

__What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?__

We are seeking full removal of the repository.

__Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:__

Both the infringer's github account (https://github.com/d8d) and his hackernews account ([Private]) were created just before the copyright infringement, apparently for the sole purpose of redistributing the code, and with the intention of anonymity and non-traceability. We would seek to contact the poster directly to request in a friendly manner that he take down the code, but because of his anonymous accounts unfortunately it appears the DMCA notice is our only path to establish contact.

__Type (or copy and paste) the following statement:__

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:

[Private]
[Private]

__Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:__

[Private]
