**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  

Yes, we are the copyright owner. We maintain a private repository of the codebase at [private]. This private repository and its forks are the only legitimate copies of the codebase.

You can see that our repository has existed for years and our package names match our GitHub organization (i.e. here). AllenAi refers to the Allen Institute of Artificial Intelligence or AI2. You can read more about our company at http://allenai.org/.

**What work was allegedly infringed? If possible, please provide a URL:**  

The original work is at the following private repository: [private]  

The infringing copy is a the following public repository: [repository no longer available]

Note, there are also forks of the infringing copy: [repository no longer available]

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**  

[repository no longer available]  
https://github.com/Rygbee/SemanticScholar (fork)  
https://github.com/yichenyang123/SemanticScholar (fork)  
https://github.com/zhichun/SemanticScholar (fork)  

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  

Yes, I have searched for forks. I listed them under the previous question.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  

No, the work is not licensed under an open source license. The only legitimate copy is the private repository at [private] and its private forks.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  

The only solution is for the infringing copies to be removed. The infringing repository was made by a former intern who did not have permission to create a public copy of the codebase. Nobody has permission to make a public copy of the codebase.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**  

Name: [private]  
Email: [private]  

Last known physical address:  
[private]  

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

Confirmed

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  

Direct dial: [private]  
Physical address:  
The Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence  
2157 N Northlake Way, Suite 110  
Seattle, WA 98105  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  

[private]  
[private], AI2
