Via Electronic Mail

Re: Infringement of the Adobe Systems Incorporated Trademarks and Copyrights

To Whom It May Concern:

1.	I am the legal representative authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of certain intellectual property rights ("IP Owner");

2.	I have a good faith belief that the website:

  https://github.com/autoboosh/jsxbin-to-jsx-converter

  offers items and contains materials that are not authorized by the IP Owner, or the law, and therefore infringes the IP Owner's rights; and

3.	The information in this notice is accurate.

4.	I May Be Contacted At:

  Name of IP Owner:	Adobe Systems Incorporated  
  Name and Title:	[private]  
  Company:	Adobe Systems Incorporated  
  Address:	345 Park Avenue, San Jose, CA 95110-2704  
  Email:	[private]  
  Telephone:	[private]  
  Fax:	[private]  

5.	The reasons that the URL website must be suspended are as follows:
a. Offers a de-compiler tool that is designed to attack third party products built with specific Adobe tools.
b. The Adobe’s ExtendScript toolkit allows customers to convert human readable javascript code to a binary version which isn’t readable by humans. This prevents others from stealing the code/intellectual property. The application on GitHub we want removed, reverse engineers the binary version to make it readable by humans, allowing others to steal code/intellectual property from our customers who use the ExtendScript toolkit to protect their code/intellectual property.

  In short, the code on GitHub allows people to steal protected intellectual property.

  Please {suspend this website/remove this content} immediately so that our rights are no longer violated and that the proprietor of this site discontinues its criminal activities.

  The information in the notification is accurate and under penalty of perjury that the Complaining Party is the owner or is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

  By submitting this form, Adobe Systems Incorporated agrees to indemnify against all claims or damages related to the suspension of
 https://github.com/autoboosh/jsxbin-to-jsx-converter

  I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice

  Location of original work: http://www.adobe.com/products/catalog.html?promoid=KAWQI.

  I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.

  I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

  Very truly yours,

  [private]
