**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  

Yes, my name is [private], and I’m the [private] of App A Map LTD. UK COMPANY Number : NI611478

**What work was allegedly infringed? If possible, please provide a URL:**  

Code Sources: (These sources are our [private])

[private]  
[private]  
[private]  

Our mobile apps are available on:

iTunes
https://itunes.apple.com/gb/app/eventro/id1034836056?mt=8

Google Play
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.geteventro.revised&hl=en

We provided a contractor access to our [private], and he has sold our code on several sites, and we have reported him to [private] Contracting company so he has been suspended.

We request all content related to "Eventro" or "App A Map LTD be removed (private and public repos), form GIT Accounts "pavka9178" and " truth86" as currently he has deliberately made our content free to be downloaded on several sites, which is designed to damage our business.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**  

( pavka9178 truth86) Git Accounts

https://github.com/pavka9178/eventro    
https://github.com/truth86/eventro-preview  
https://github.com/truth86/node-firebase-parse  

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  

N/A.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  

The content is on our [private], and is owned by the company App A Map LTD.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  

After we reported that our source was being sold, and contacted the contractor, he got suspended, and as hacked our backend systems, published all our code on several sites and has begun a campaign to disrupt our business. We can provide communications with [private] and prove that we had major issues with contractor. We can also provide any payment transactions we had with this contractor and also the terms and services he agreed to while writing code and pushing to our repo's.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**  

( pavka9178 truth86) Git Accounts

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

I have read the DMCA Takedown Notice on GitHub.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  

App A Map LTD - Company number NI611478  
web : www.geteventro.com  
tel : [private]    
email : [private]    

[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  

[private]  
