**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
Owner.

**What work was allegedly infringed? If possible, please provide a URL:**  
BeeGFS: http://www.beegfs.com

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**  
https://github.com/sbilly/BeeGFS

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
Yes.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
BeeGFS is made available under a custom license, the BeeGFS EULA:  
http://www.beegfs.com/docs/BeeGFS_EULA.txt  
Distribution of BeeGFS binaries or source code requires prior written consent, according to the BeeGFS EULA, which was not requested by or granted to this github user "sbilly".  
The user "sbilly" declared the license to be GPL for his github repository, which is an unauthorized change of the license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  
The user can request official permission to distribute the sources via github under the correct license and with a clear note that this is not the official repository, but such a request is unlikely to be granted, because there already is an official public git repository available at https://git.beegfs.com/pub  
Maybe, the user simply was not aware of the official public git repository.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
No.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
Confirmed.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
ThinkParQ GmbH  
Trippstadter Str. 110  
67663 Kaiserslautern  
Germany  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
[private]  
