Hi,

First and foremost, I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a
DMCA Notice. It has come to my attention that some of my work published on
GitHub has been used to profit from. That is the reason I am filing this
DCMA notice. Earlier this week I filed a notice against this repository:

https://github.com/Tobba/Sniffles-CSGO-Packet-Sniffer-Public

It has now been taken down, however [private] made me aware of some sub-forks
that were still publicly accessible. I have investigated each repository
and it appears all of the content contained in each has remained untouched
from my initial pushes. The repositories I am referring to reside here:

+ github.com/AshleighAdams/Sniffles-CSGO-Packet-Sniffer-Public  
+ github.com/josh33901/Sniffles-CSGO-Packet-Sniffer-Public  
+ github.com/knobik/Sniffles-CSGO-Packet-Sniffer-Public  

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described
above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner,
or its agent, or the law.

Since users still have access to the code through these forks, I would like
each of them removed. All of the material contained in each fork needs to
be removed, or each fork needs to be removed all together.

Here is my contact information:

[private]

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed.

Thanks,
