__Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?__

Yes

__What work was allegedly infringed? If possible, please provide a URL:__

My logo and my picture is used in this page - http://shulaba.com/about/

__What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:__

The image is inside this file (base64) : https://github.com/chongcaofang/shulaba-jekyll/blob/gh-pages/about.md

__Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.__

No. But I found this one because the user forked my repository.

__Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?__

No.

No.

Yes.

__What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?__

No other way. As the image is my personal picture and personal website logo, it should be removed.

__Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:__

I just have the github username: chongcaofang

The link is here: https://github.com/chongcaofang

__Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."__

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

__Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."__

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

__Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/__

Yes, I have read it. As per the regulations, I have asked the user to take it down. But that seems to be ineffective since Github doesn't have any direct chat or messaging option. I have created a pull request and informed the user to take down my picture and logo.

__So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:__

I'm from India.

Phone: [Private]

__Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:__

[Private]
