**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
Yes, copyright owner.

**What work was allegedly infringed? If possible, please provide a URL:**  
https://github.com/lexthegreat/dnicetlx.Takistan

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**   https://github.com/DaThrilelrKiller/dnicetlx.Takistan

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
https://github.com/DaThrilelrKiller/dnicetlx.Takistan Is the fork that I wish to shutdown.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
Yes, GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE Version 2, June 1991. No, they are in violation because they have removed the licences from the source code. As stated in the license they need to keep the license with the source. In this commit he has removed the license file. https://github.com/DaThrilelrKiller/dnicetlx.Takistan/commit/965b7e70d328a1650231f9b73914734937be3635

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  
Add the license back to the source, simple as that.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
No, I do not have his email, or phone number.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
The best way to contact me is by email ( [private] ). Although a number you could contact is (Only through text): [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
[private]
