**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
We are the copyright owner.

**What work was allegedly infringed? If possible, please provide a URL:**  
Software source code of an app which named “Hua Tian”(网易花田). “网易花田” is a software developed by us (the official website is http://love.163.com/), which has been widely welcomed by consumers, and has been successfully registered with the National Bureau of Copyright of P.R. China (please see the attachment: Computer Software Copyright Registration). As the developer and copyright owner, we shall enjoy the copyright according to the local laws and international laws.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**  
The entire repository should be taken down, the URL is https://github.com/aizhiye/love-product.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
Yes, we have.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
Our copyrighted work is not licensed under an open source license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  
We would like to ask you to remove all the infringing files and repositories.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
No, we just know the infringer’s ID is aizhiye and its webpage is https://github.com/aizhiye

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
Yes, we have read the Guide.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
My physical address: [private]   
My telephone number: [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
Guangzhou Bo Guan Info Tech Co., Ltd. (广州博冠信息科技有限公司)

Attachment 1：Computer Software Copyright Registration - the iPhone version (the official document that can prove our copyright)

Attachment 2：Computer Software Copyright Registration – the Android version (the official document that can prove our copyright)

Attachment 3：The screenshot of the copyright infringer’s webpage

[private]
