Dear Github DMCA Team:  

This firm represents Xilinx, Inc. (“Xilinx”) in connection with certain intellectual property matters. Xilinx
is a leading semiconductor, software, and hardware company with over $2.3 billion in annual revenues
(fiscal year 2014). Additional information about Xilinx, its products, and its corporate history is provided
at Xilinx’s website, www.xilinx.com. Xilinx’s offerings are founded on and used in connection with
numerous pieces of copyrighted material and trade secrets, including proprietary source code.  

Xilinx recently learned that certain of its proprietary and copyrighted source code, passphrases,
encryptions, and software “keys” have been made available on your website at
https://gist.github.com/anonymous/8de2917b7b305718e920. The copyrighted information appears to
have been submitted by GitHub user “[private].” I have a good faith belief that use of the
copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web page is not authorized by the copyright
owner, or its agent, or the law. In fact, Xilinx has taken substantial steps to protect this information, and
is highly concerned by the presence of this material on your website. Therefore, we request that you
immediately remove the entirety of the material posted detailed above.  

I have read and understand GitHub’s Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice. Further, I swear, under penalty of
perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am authorized to act on behalf of
the copyright owner of an exclusive right that is infringed. If needed, please contact me using the
contact information provided below.

Date: August 17, 2016   

Sincerely,  

/[private]/

[private]
K&L Gates, LLP  
630 Hansen Way  
Palo Alto, CA 94304  
P: [private]  
E: [private]  
