Dear Sir/Madam,

My name is [private] and I am an attorney-at-law with Han Kun Law Offices, a
law firm in the People’s Republic of China. I am writing to you on behalf
of my client 百度在线网络技术(北京)有限公司（Baidu Online Network Technology
(Beijing) Co., Ltd hereinafter “Baidu”). A website that your company
hosts, GitHub.com, is infringing on several copyrights owned by Baidu.

We identified that several documents/links are copied onto your servers
without Baidu's authorization or permission. Said documents/links are
directed to copies of Baidu’s product code or product development code,
which have never been published. Baidu owns the exclusive copyrights to all
of such documents and/or the contents directed by the links. Besides, the
above-described code also contains trade secret of Baidu.

The specific unauthorized and infringing copies of the documents or links
can be found in the list in Appendix I of this letter. Please immediately
remove and/or disable access to all contents/links identified in Appendix I.

Please be advised that this letter also constitutes our official
notification under Section 512(c) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act
(“DMCA”). We seek immediate removal of the aforementioned infringing
materials from your servers. We also request that you immediately notify
the infringer(s) of this notice and inform them of their duty to remove the
infringing materials immediately, and notify them to cease any further
posting of infringing materials to your server in the future.

Please also be advised that the law requires you, as a service provider, to
remove or disable access to the infringing materials upon receiving this
notice. Under the U.S. law a service provider, such as yourself, enjoys
immunity from a copyright lawsuit provided that you act expeditiously to
investigate and rectify the ongoing copyright infringement. The immunity is
lost if service providers do not investigate and remove or disable the
infringing material.

We provide this notice in good faith and with the reasonable belief that
rights Baidu owns are being infringed. Under penalty of perjury I certify
that the information contained in the notification is both true and
accurate, and I have the authority to act on behalf of Baidu, the owner of
the copyright(s) involved.

Should you wish to discuss this with me, please contact me directly. My
email address is [private], and
my phone number is [private]. Thank you.

Best,

[private]

Appendix I - List of URLs Containing Infringing Documents

Contains Highly Confidential Baidu Information

No.

Infringing URL

Representative Keywords Identifying Baidu's Proprietary and Confidential
Information

Type of Proprietary Information

1

https://github.com/maso53/crmWeb

[redacted] Copyright (C) 2014 Baidu, Inc. All Rights
Reserved.

Product code owned by Baidu

2

https://github.com/bloodmarry12/crmWeb

[redacted] Copyright (C) 2014 Baidu, Inc. All Rights
Reserved.

Product code owned by Baidu, fork from URL No.1

3

https://github.com/fuhongliang/crmWeb

[redacted] Copyright (C) 2014 Baidu, Inc. All Rights
Reserved.

Product code owned by Baidu, fork from URL No.1

4

https://github.com/gswj0704/crmWeb

[redacted] Copyright (C) 2014 Baidu, Inc. All Rights
Reserved.

Product code owned by Baidu, fork from URL No.1

5

https://github.com/sdgdsffdsfff/crmWeb

[redacted] Copyright (C) 2014 Baidu, Inc. All Rights
Reserved.

Product code owned by Baidu, fork from URL No.1

6

[redacted]

[redacted]

Product code owned by Baidu

7

https://github.com/Ultraman84/pcheck

[redacted]

Product code owned by Baidu

8

https://github.com/ohyang326/topfruit

[redacted] Copyright (c) 2013 Baidu.com,
Inc. All Rights Reserved

Product code owned by Baidu

9

https://github.com/ausdruck/topfruit

Copyright (c) 2014 Baidu.com, Inc. All Rights Reserve
[redacted]

Product code owned by Baidu, fork from URL No.8

10

https://github.com/libingye/pcheck

Copyright (c) 2013 Baidu.com, Inc [redacted]

Product code owned by Baidu, fork from URL No.7

11

https://github.com/sdgdsffdsfff/pcheck

[redacted]

Product code owned by Baidu, fork from URL No.7

[private]  

Han Kun Law Offices  

Suite 906, Office Tower C1  

Oriental Plaza, 1 East Chang An Avenue  

Beijing 100738, P. R. China  

[private]  
