Notice of Infringement via Email  
300 Hudson Street  
New York, NY 10013  

10/07/2016  
github.com http://www.github.com  

Attention github.com:  

I am writing to notify you about violations of certain rights of Pearson Education, Inc. and/or its subsidiaries and affiliated companies (“Pearson”) on your service and to demand that you take immediate corrective action to cease this infringement and prevent further violations of Pearson’s rights.

Pearson holds certain rights in the titles listed below, which are a representative list of the copyrighted works licensed by Pearson that are being infringed on your service.

We have included below examples of locations on your service where infringing copies of the titles are available. You are not authorized to host, distribute, or otherwise make available or facilitate the making available of any copies of the titles on your service.

Pearson demands that you immediately and permanently remove from your service all copies of the titles listed below. This includes the copies available at the links below as well as any other copies of these same titles that you are hosting.

This email is not a complete statement of Pearson's rights in connection with this matter, and nothing contained herein constitutes an express or implied waiver of any rights, remedies, or defenses of Pearson in connection with this matter, all of which are expressly reserved. I have a good faith belief that use of the works in the manner described herein is not authorized by Pearson, its agent, or the law, and confirm under penalty of perjury that I am authorized to act on Pearson's behalf in connection with this notice.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Sincerely,  
[private],  
MarkMonitor Anti-Piracy Team  
Email: [private]

Addendum to Notice of Infringement

Representative List of Titles:
C++ PRIMER - by STANLEY B. LIPPMAN, STARTING OUT WITH PYTHON - by TONY GADDIS

Examples of Locations Where Infringing Materials Can Be Found:  
[file previously removed in DMCA takedown]  
http://github.com/florije1988/manman/blob/master/book/Gaddis%20-%20Starting%20Out%20with%20Python%203rd%20Global%20Edition%20c2015%20txtbk.pdf

Please reply to [private].
