Dear Github Team,

Please find our updated notices to Github explaining the materials identified in the repository.

Cyveillance represents ExxonMobil in certain activities related to the protection of intellectual property and shutdown of fraudulent and/or brand misrepresentation of content.

The entire files posted at the following repositories are 100% owned and produced by ExxonMobil. All the files within the zip file and directories within it are proprietary and confidential information to ExxonMobil. The continuation public posting of these repositories poses an eminent security threat to our client due to the information contained in those files.

URL: https://github.com/qslewis/DesktopSearch.git

It is held in a good faith belief that none of the materials or activities listed above have been authorized by ExxonMobil, its agents, or the law. We hereby give notice of these activities to you and request that you take expeditious action to remove or disable access to the content described above and, thereby, prevent its further fraudulent use via your company's network.

Email: [private]   
Name: Cyveillance, Inc.
Telephone: [private]  
Address: 11091 Sunset Hills Road Suite 210  
Reston, VA 20190

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

[private]

Regards,

[private], Analyst  
Cyber Security Center  
LookingGlass Cyber Solutions, Inc.
