To Whom It May Concern:

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

Compass Bank is the owner of a copyright for the source code for the BBVA
Compass android mobile application (the “Copyrighted Material”). Under
United States copyright law, Compass Bank’s copyrights have been in effect
since the date that the Copyrighted Material was created. All copyrightable
aspects of the Copyrighted Material are copyrighted under United States
copyright law.

Two users on GitHub’s website, “tedyi2005” and “Nayank9”, have posted the
Copyrighted Material on your website at

https://github.com/tedyi2005/BBVA_Compass and
https://github.com/Nayank9/BBVA respectively.

Compass Bank demands that GitHub immediately remove all Copyrighted
Material from its website. Compass Bank further demands that within five
(5) days from the date of this letter, GitHub provide the undersigned with
the following information:

1. The identity of and all contact information for users “tedyi2005” and
“Nayank9”;

2. The date on which the Copyrighted Material was posted on the GitHub
website;

3. The number of times that the Copyrighted Material has been viewed on
your website; and

4. The number of times that the Copyrighted Material has been downloaded
from your website.

If you need to contact Compass Bank, please use the following contact
information:

BBVA Compass
Attn: [Private]  
[Private]

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described
above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner,
or its agent, or the law.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Sincerely,

[Private]
