[private],

All information is below. Initial email also attached.

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

We believe the file has been uploaded by a current or former employee of Asurion, LLC. This code is Asurion property - my email address vs. the file path on the page and the first line in the snippet.

The files can be found at:

https://github.com/talarari/Retrolambdatest/blob/master/app/src/main/java/com/asurion/retrolambdatest/MainActivity.java

[redacted]

and

https://github.com/talarari/Retrolambdatest/blob/master/app/src/androidTest/java/com/asurion/retrolambdatest/ApplicationTest.java

[redacted]

We are requesting the files be removed from the site and completely purged from the user’s account. This is proprietary company information that is in direct violation of Asurion corporate policy.

We have not contacted the user as no contact information has been provided for public consumption on the account.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Please let me know if there is any further information or action required on our end.

Thanks,

[private]  
[private], Global Security Operations  
648 Grassmere Park Drive, Suite 300, Nashville, TN 37211  
[private]  
www.asurion.com
