Hello,

My name is [private] GitHub user is blangel and I am a professor at
NYU teaching course CS9053. I use GitHub to help teach my class. I use
private repositories to share homework and code with students and I
leverage pull requests to code review the students' submissions. This
material, however, is copyrighted by myself and NYU and I make explicit to
students that this material should not be copied into other repositories
and publicly posted online. This is to help avoid academic dishonesty in
cheating (copying past homework submissions).

GitHub repository below violates this copyright.

https://github.com/kira1009/CS9053-Java

It is in fact a copy of another student's work (who has not agreed to this
posting, the user, stevenlordiam, has already reached out complaining to
GitHub and since removed his original repository).

The user in question, kira1009, does not have a public email associated
with his account. I have attempted to contact him (per GitHub guidelines)
by opening the following pull request asking him to take down the material:

*https://github.com/kira1009/CS9053-Java/pull/1*

He has not responded and so I am issuing a DMCA Complaint to take down the
repository.

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

I have verified that the repository is a whole copy of copyrighted material
and it should completely be removed.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described
above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner,
or its agent, or the law.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed.

My contact information is below, including a signature:

[private]

Thank you,  
[private]
