Dear sir or madam,

We, Shanghai Zhengda Ximalaya Network Technology Co.,Ltd.（上海证大喜马拉雅
网络科技有限公司） is the holder of the mobile application ‘Ximalaya FM’
and also own the copyright with the codes of this application. Nowadays, we
find that a user called ‘skygram’ from GitHub exposed our codes on your
website. We believe that it infringes our copyright. Since the infringer has
not listed contact information on his public profile page or in the
reopository's README, we cannot get in touch with him. According to the
DMCA, we think your company is responsible to delete all the infringing
contents.

We have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filling a DMCA Notice. The
detailed information as follows:

1 The copyrighted material that has been infringed is the codes of
our mobile application “Ximalaya FM”, which is a famous FM radio in China
on both Android and iOS platform. Since our mobile application launched in
2013, currently the quantity of mobile client users has reached 200 million.
We have website and backend, If necessary, we can provide login credential
to prove our qualification with copyright.

2 After investigating, we confirm both (a) that we own the copyright
to the copyrighted work and (b) that the content mentioned above on GitHub
is unauthorized and infringing. And the codes are never exposed to the
public and are only accessed to authorized employees.

3 The URL to the material allegedly infringing our copyright is
https://github.com/skygram/ximalaya_decode. The entire codes exposed on the
web page and its subfolders are infringing our copyright. In fact, from the
README.md of this project, it clearly says that all source code is
de-compiled from our formal release package.

4 Based on the infringement of the above facts, in order to remedy
our infringement, we hope your company shall delete all the contents on the
above web page of ‘https://github.com/skygram/ximalaya_decode’ (including
the parent repository and all forks).

5 Our contact information:

email address: [private]

name: [private]

telephone number: [private]

physical address: Zuchongzhi Road No.899, Pudong New District, Shanghai

6 We cannot get the infringer’s detailed information but the GitHub
username of the infringer called ’ skygram’.

Finally, we have a good faith belief that using the copyrighted materials
described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by us, or our
agents, or the law. We swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information
in this notification is accurate and that we are the copyright owner, of an
exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. So we think your company shall
delete all the infringing contents on your website to protect our
intellectual property.

Sincerely,

Shanghai Zhengda Ximalaya Network Technology Co.,Ltd.

（上海证大喜马拉雅网络科技有限公司）

2016/09/14
