Florida Virtual School ("FLVS") is the owner of copyright and other intellectual property rights in FLVS'. It has recently come to our attention that the website you are hosting contains unauthorized copies of FLVS' course. This letter is official notification under the provisions of Section 512(c) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") to demand removal of the infringing materials. Please be advised that law requires you, as a service provider, to "expeditiously remove or disable access to" the infringing material upon receipt of this notice and that the effect of noncompliance may result in your being liable for secondary copyright infringement. The URL's for the specific pages containing unauthorized copies of FLVS' material are the following:
https://github.com/dcharles525/APComputerScience/blob/master/Module%2005/Mod5%20Assignment/GuessingGameV1/GuessingGameV2.java  
https://github.com/dcharles525/APComputerScience/blob/master/Module%2005/Mod5%20Assignment/5.06%20Monte%20Carlo/BottleCapPrize.java  
https://github.com/dcharles525/APComputerScience/blob/master/Module%2005/Mod5%20Assignment/5.07%20Password%20Generator/Passwords.java  
https://github.com/dcharles525/APComputerScience/blob/master/Module%2006/Mod6%20Assignments/6.04%20Hurricane%20Data/Hurricanes2.java  
https://github.com/dcharles525/APComputerScience/blob/master/Module%2008/Mod8%20Assignments/8.08%20Annual%20Fuel/AnnualFuelUseTester.jav  

I have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.  
I swear under penalty of perjury that the information in the notification is accurate, and that I am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  
On behalf of FLVS, I hereby demand that you immediately take down the infringing material. THIS IS A DMCA TAKE DOWN NOTICE.  
My current contact information is included below next to my signature and please send me a prompt response indicating the actions you have taken to resolve this matter.  

[private]  
Florida Virtual School | 2145 Metro Center Blvd, Suite 100 | Orlando, Fl 32835
