August 26, 2016  

VIA E-MAIL  
GitHub, Inc.  
Attn: DMCA Agent  
88 Colin P. Kelly Jr. St.  
San Francisco, CA 94107  
copyright@github.com  

Re: Electronic Arts - Copyright Infringement  

Dear DMCA Agent:  

I write on behalf of Electronic Arts Inc. ("EA"). It has come to our attention that a website hosted by you,www.github.com (the "Site"), contains material that infringes copyrights owned or controlled by EA.

Specifically, an unauthorized copy of code from EA's proprietary databases is displayed on the Site. Pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"), 17 U.S.C. Section 512(c), we demand that you immediately and permanently disable and/or block access to the infringing material, specifically located at: https://github.com/jiaz/ea_work. To be clear, we demand that the entire content of this URL be disabled or blocked.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice. This letter is not intended to be a full statement of the facts, and it does not prejudice or waive any claim, whether in law or in equity, that EA may have with respect to this matter or any other matter.

If you have any questions concerning this matter, please contact our IP enforcement group at [private].

Yours Truly,  
[private]  
[private]  
Electronic Arts Inc.  
IP Counsel  
[private]  
