To whom it may concern.
*I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.*

Dear Sir/Madam,

I represent the French company DEEZER S.A., trading internationally under
the name and registered trademark "DEEZER", registration number
n°495246308, with registered offices at 12 rue d'Athènes 75009 Paris
(France).

Our company offers since 2012 an international music streaming service (
www.deezer.com), through free and paying services (the "Deezer Services"),
with a formidable presence on the Internet and has acquired renown in the
music industry and among Internet users.

Our company owns or is the licensee of the intellectual property in,
notably, of the Deezer Services, the Deezer trademarks, the website
www.deezer.com and the corresponding mobile application "Deezer" available
under iOS, Android and Windows systems. The Deezer Services as made
available on the above mentioned website and mobile application, as well as
our computer systems, servers and network are protected by extremely high
level encryption.

Amongst other things, security is set as to prohibit any other use than
those stipulated in our Terms and Conditions (http://www.deezer.com/legal/c
gu). Is prohibited notably the unauthorized download of music tracks.

It has come to our attention that a Github user, nickname
"reversing-research" (https://github.com/reversing-research), has published
a project named "deezer-download" on your service :
(*https://github.com/reversing-research/deezer-download*), by which this
Github user makes publicly available means to unlock the security over the
streaming of music tracks of the Deezer Services, including the encryption
key to such security, allowing therefore the unauthorised use and download
on TOR of the music tracks of Deezer, in total violation of our rights and
of the rights of the music licensors of Deezer (phonographic producers,
performing artists, songwriters and composers).

Please see:
https://github.com/reversing-research/deezer-download/blob/master/README.md

This user also promotes its findings on social networks and help other
developers in using his findings.

*I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described
above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner,
or its agent, or the law.*

*I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed.*

This user does not provide any contact details allowing us to communicate
with him directly and privately.

Therefore, we demand that you immediately close the project named
"deezer-download" and all of the related forks by other members, who have
had access or even contributed to this project . If we do not receive
adequate written assurance by November 4th 2016 that you will comply with
these demands under threat of penalty, our company will seek all available
remedies for your unlawful acts, including without limitation, injunctive
relief in order to stop this Github user from publicly making available the
"deezer-download" project's content on your service. We further demand that
you immediately cease and desist such action.

The above is a brief description of the violations at stake, and is not
meant to be a complete statement of our company's prejudice, rights and
remedies in connection with the subject matter of this letter. All such
rights and remedies are expressly reserved, including the rights and
remedies of our licensors on the music tracks.

We look forward hearing you promptly.

Sincerely,

[private]  
Deezer  
12 rue d’Athènes  
75009 Paris  
FRANCE  
[private]  
www.deezer.com
