January 11, 2016

GitHub, Inc.
Attn:DMCA Agent
88 Colin P Kelly Jr St
San Francisco, CA 94107
copyright@github.com

RE: DMCA Notice for

https://github.com/jjangsangy/LearnMed/commit/e3dc4686cb881622bfb967e68c0cc9f2dd5

To Whom It May Concern:

Below is the Association of American Medical Colleges’ (AAMC) DMCA complaint for a GitHub, Inc. user generated repository that infringes on our exclusive rights to our material. We respectfully request that the Infringing Work identified below be immediately taken down or otherwise disabled as it infringes on our copyright.

1 I have read and understand GitHub’s Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

2 The work being infringed is AAMC’s Medical School Admission Requirements for U.S. and Canadian Medical Schools (Online), Edition Released April 1, 2015 (MSAR Guide).

An example of the work may be found at:

https://www.aamc.org/students/applying/requirements/msar/.

A copyright registration was applied for on April 21, 2015 for this work. The application is pending. The 2014 edition of the MSAR Guide is registered for copyright protection, TX7-937-338, and is substantially similar to the Infringing Work identified.

3 The allegedly infringing work may be found at:

https://github.com/jjangsangy/LearnMed/commit/e3dc4686cb881622bfb967e68c0cc9f2dd5
(Infringing Work).

The Infringing Work is the data scraped from our product and reproduced in a common delineated format. The creator did not seek nor was granted permission to use the MSAR Guide content in this manner. We respectfully request that the Infringing work be taken down or otherwise disabled immediately.

4 AAMC requests that the data scraped and displayed in a comma delineated format be removed as the data was scraped from our MSAR Online product, and published in direct violation of the terms of use the user agreed to at time of purchase.

5 Requestor Contact Information:

[private]

Senior Intellectual Property Specialist

Association of American Medical Colleges

655 K Street NW, Suite 100

Washington, DC 20001

[private]

6 Alleged Infringer Contact Information: GitHub username jjangsangy.

7 I have a good faith belief that the use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.

8 I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Sincerely,

9 //s// [private]
Senior Intellectual Property Specialist
