**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?** yes

**What work was allegedly infringed? If possible, please provide a URL:**  
Thoughtful Machine Learning : http://shop.oreilly.com/product/0636920032298.do  
Machine Learning for Hackers: http://shop.oreilly.com/product/0636920018483.do

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**

https://github.com/gasgas4/002_MachineLearning_eBook/tree/master/Thoughtful%20Machine%20Learning%20(Matthew%20Kirk)%20Retail%20azw3%20epub%20PDF%20%5BItzy%5D

https://github.com/gasgas4/002_MachineLearning_eBook/blob/master/Thoughtful%20Machine%20Learning%20(Matthew%20Kirk)%20Retail%20azw3%20epub%20PDF%20%5BItzy%5D/Thoughtful%20Machine%20Learning_%20A%20Test-Driven%20Approach%20-%20Kirk%2C%20Matthew.pdf

https://github.com/gasgas4/002_MachineLearning_eBook/blob/master/Machine%20Learning%20For%20Hackers%20%5BPDF%5D%20%5B01QLT%5D.pdf

https://github.com/gasgas4/002_MachineLearning_eBook/blob/master/Machine%20Learning%20for%20Hackers.pdf

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories?** YES **Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?** NO **If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?** Removal is required.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information?** Nothing shown on their page.  
**If so, please provide it:**

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

"I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration." [private]  

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

"I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."[private]  

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
CONFIRMED  
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**    
[private]  
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  

[private]
