Dear Sir or Madam:

I am writing on behalf of Red Hat, Inc. to notify you of infringing material located on your website. This letter is official notification of infringement under the provisions of Section 512(c) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA" ). The information contained in this notification is accurate, and I swear, under penalty of perjury, that I am authorized to act on behalf of Red Hat, Inc.

What work was allegedly infringed? If possible, please provide a URL: The Ansible Tower product is a closed source product

* https://www.ansible.com/tower

* [private]

What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:

* https://github.com/merlian/DTower

* https://github.com/huamaolin/ansible-tower

Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down. We have searched for any forks of the above-referenced infringing repositories, and no forks have been found.

Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license? Ansible Tower is licensed under a proprietary license. A copy of the EULA currently being used is attached. Also attached (if needed) is the Ansible Software and Subscription Agreement, which was used prior to the adoption of the current EULA.

What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? The repositories should be removed to clear history of proprietary source code.

Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it: No, we do not.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner (Red Hat, Inc.), or its agent (myself), or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I confirm that I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice located at https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/ .

You can reach me at [private] for further information or clarification. My phone number is [private] and my mailing address is Red Hat, Inc. [private].

Sincerely,  
[private]

[private]  
Red Hat, Inc.
[private]
