Dear Sir or Madam:

I am a copyright holder in dRonin, a fork of the Tau Labs flight
controller software. Recently, a number of changes were imported from
dRonin back into cyphyworks' version of Tau Labs, without including the
copyright notices attached to that code as required by the license
agreement (the GNU General Public License version 3). Informal efforts
at resolving this have failed.

Under the U.S. Digital Millennium Copyright Act (17 U.S.C. ยง 512)
and other applicable U.S. and international statutes, I provide
this notification of claimed infringement and requests that you
immediately remove certain documents from your web site and/or
disable access to those documents through your web site.

These copyrighted source files are located at (this is not an
exhaustive list):

https://github.com/cyphyworks/TauLabs/blob/dronin_backport_498/flight/targets/sparky/board-info/pios_board.h  
https://github.com/cyphyworks/TauLabs/blob/dronin_backport_498/flight/targets/sparky/fw/pios_board.c  
https://github.com/cyphyworks/TauLabs/blob/dronin_backport_498/flight/Modules/Attitude/attitude.c  

These files also exist in a number of other cyphyworks branches without
the appropriate copyright notices and attributions.

Please immediately add appropriate statements of attribution to all
source files with changes imported from dRonin or remove the dRonin
source code from the site. In the future, please do not use
copyrighted material without maintaining the attributions and
copyright notices that are attached to that material.

I may be contacted at [private] or at [private] for further
discussion.

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

To my knowledge, this infringement has been conducted by the Github
user @kubark42 and the organization @cyphyworks.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials
described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by
the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that
is allegedly infringed.

Regards,

[private]  
dRonin
