**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's
behalf?**  

Yes.

**What work was allegedly infringed? If possible, please provide a URL:**  

http://www.radgametools.com/oodle.htm

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if
the entire repository, the repository's URL:**  

https://github.com/powzix/kraken

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or
repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified
separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  

We think this is the only one right now.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source
license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open
source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  

No, it is restricted under a specific closed license. The user obtained an
illegal copy of our product and then directly decompiled it, and slapped a
GPL license on his copy and made it available. There is no public version
of our product available, and the author admits he used an illegal copy of
product.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there
specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  

No, the author has admitted in a public format that this is directly copied
code:
http://encode.ru/threads/2577-Open-source-Kraken-Mermaid-Selkie-decompression?p=49465&viewfull=1#post49465

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please
provide it:**  

We do not have his contact info, he is using an new alias specifically.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement:**

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described
above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner,
or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.**  

"I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described
above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner,
or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement:**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed.**  

"I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed."

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA
Takedown Notice**  

I have read your Guide completely.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number**  
or physical address:

[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  

[private]  
RAD Game Tools
