My name is [private] and I am [private] at Refundo, Inc. I
have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

It has come to my attention that a user of Github is infringing on at least
one copyright owned by my company, through a posting to your website. It
appears that the user, blueror815 is responsible for the violation. The
code and project information was copied onto your servers without
permission.

The original code/project, to which we own the exclusive copyrights, can be
found at: https://www.rushtax.com/

The unauthorized and infringing copy can be found at:
https://github.com/blueror815/RTO-Angular-Rush-/commit/f69a19b5681f18b9ecd1651dc41eb41ba88b09d8

This letter is official notification under Section 512(c) of the Digital
Millennium Copyright Act (”DMCA”), and I seek the removal of the
aforementioned infringing material from your servers. I request that you
immediately notify the infringer of this notice and inform them of their
duty to remove the infringing material immediately, and notify them to
cease any further posting of infringing material to your server in the
future.

Please also be advised that law requires you, as a service provider, to
remove or disable access to the infringing materials upon receiving this
notice. Under US law a service provider, such as yourself, enjoys immunity
from a copyright lawsuit provided that you act with deliberate speed to
investigate and rectify ongoing copyright infringement. If service
providers do not investigate and remove or disable the infringing material
this immunity is lost. Therefore, in order for you to remain immune from a
copyright infringement action you will need to investigate and ultimately
remove or otherwise disable the infringing material from your servers with
all due speed should the direct infringer, your client, not comply
immediately.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described
above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner,
or its agent, or the law.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed.

Should you wish to discuss this with me, please contact me directly.

Thank you.

/s/ [private]

[private]

