**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's
behalf?**  

- I am the original creator of all publicly share filed

**What work was allegedly infringed? If possible, please provide a URL:**  

- This repositiory ( https://github.com/ArmALeakTeam/zero-One ) contains
many many copyrighted files such a images in the format jpg, png and paa -
many sounds files which have also been original created by me in the file
format ogg. Also Text files which contain my author synonmy Arkensor, or
the one of my co worker "[private]" in file formats sqf, h,hpp, cpp and sqm
have been ripped of though security leaks in a third party system. I have
to stress that all files were taken though illegal methods, such a memory
dumping and serverside hack injections. We have closed those security
leaks, nether the less our copyright material is online in that repository
and I would like to have that remove as soon as possible. The person behind
the account "ArmALeakTeam <https://github.com/ArmALeakTeam/zero-One>"
has done this with other projects too, which are all shown as public git
repositories there. I can not and wont link every single file that has been
leaked from our work, as I refer to 100% of the files. Not one of them has
a public licenese nor is available for the public.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if
the entire repository, the repository's - URL:**  
https://github.com/ArmALeakTeam/zero-One

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or
repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified
separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  

- I have searched, but there are no public forks

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source
license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open
source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  

- No this is not open source, also all included images and sounds belong
to me as creator.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there
specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  

- This repositiory should just be removed, and if you are able to
disable the whole account, as he has published the work of other copyright
owners in all the other repos on his account. Please make also sure, that
he has no private repos of that, and maybe you can block our repo name
"zero-one" in any spelling to be created, or notice us so that we can habe
a look if it contains our material or not.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please
provide it:**  

- No sorry

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith
belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the
infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its
agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  

- I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials
described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the
copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into
consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty
of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that
I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner,
of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  

- I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA
Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-
a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  

- I have read them!

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number
or physical address:**  
[private]  
Email: [private] OR [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
[private]  
