**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  

Yes

**What work was allegedly infringed? If possible, please provide a URL:**  

My Gaia terrain and scene generation system, sold on Unity asset store at:
https://www.assetstore.unity3d.com/en/#!/content/42618

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**  

https://github.com/Nic-vanDessel/TCC_VR/tree/master/Assets/Gaia

All files in this and any sub directories should be removed.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  

Yes. There are none.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  

Licence / copyright violation.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  

Make their repository private, delete my software from it, or delete the entire repository.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**  

No. There seems to be no way to do this in github any more. I left an issue on their repository 8 days ago titled "Commercial Software" to alert them to the issue. I have had no response.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  

"I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  

"I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  

I have read this.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  

[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private].  
 
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  

[private].
