**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
I am the copyright owner of the artwork being shared for public and free download

**What work was allegedly infringed? If possible, please provide a URL:**  
The full contents of this folder https://github.com/gorogorosama/whoosh/tree/master/Assets/Art (Art) contain my content distributed without a license. I was contacted as a contractor for the project now hosted by Gorogorosama [private]. I completed a contract that included a dissolution clause. The contract has since been dissolved due to an anticipatory breach and the Gorogorosama no longer has rights to my artwork. The contract and dissolution appeal can be seen: [private]. The work can be seen in my personal portfolio at http://samluo.weebly.com/wooshwind.html . This work is proprietary and the conditions for transfer of rights was not met by Gorogorosama therefore the "Art" folder in its entirety is infringing.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**  
https://github.com/gorogorosama/whoosh/tree/master/Assets/Art  
This entire folder (art) should be taken down.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
I do not know of any forks and was unable to locate any.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
The work is not licensed under an open source license. The work is not licensed for distribution by Gorogorosama

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  
Removal is the best solution as Gorogorosama does not have rights to use or distribute the work.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
https://github.com/gorogorosama  
[private]

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
[private]
