Dear Sir/Madam,

This is a follow-up email pertaining to your reply to our previous Take Down Notices on March 12 and 26, 2016 (see attached), and we, Baidu Online Network Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd (hereinafter “Baidu”), have been notified that some of the repositories in our takedown notice has been forked. After our investigation, we consider the occurrence of the forked repositories/part of the forked repositories to be infringement of our proprietary rights (see following links):

SN

Infringing URL

Type of Proprietary Information

Representative Keywords Identifying Baidu's Proprietary and Confidential Information

1

https://github.com/dereky7/nodes-classify

Source code to an EXP program developed by Baidu

[redacted]

2

https://github.com/RyanTech/qiushi_fe

Source code to one of the Ad systems (named Qiushi) owned by Baidu

[redacted]

3

https://github.com/fjj596894378/solr-web-demo/blob/master/conf/application.conf

Product development code owned by Baidu

[redacted]

4

https://github.com/maizhibin/daogen/blob/master/src/main/resources/dao/db.properties

Product development code owned by Baidu

[redacted]

5

https://github.com/liveqmock/configcenter/blob/86acd86087bf126125b04b661c5577e39d399b39/release.cfg

Product development code owned by Baidu

[redacted]

6

https://github.com/wwwangcai/conference

Source code to a workflow platform developed by Baidu

[redacted]

We hereby seek immediate removal of the source codes directed by the links specified above. Please be notified that such source codes also constitute trade secret to Baidu because they contain highly confidential information that are critical to Baidu’s commercial interest. Therefore, any delay in taking them down can potentially increase the damages to Baidu.

We have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice, and please be advised that this letter constitutes our official notification under Section 512(c) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”).

We provide this notice in good faith and with the reasonable belief that rights Baidu owns are being infringed. Under penalty of perjury I certify that the information contained in the notification is both true and accurate, and I have the authority to act on behalf of Baidu, the owner of the copyright(s) involved.

Again, many thanks for your notification of the forked repositories, and your quick feedback will also be highly appreciated. For any further information or should you wish to discuss, you can contact me via [private] or [private].

Thanks and best regards,

[private]

