Reporter's Name: [private]    
Copyright Holder's Name: Adobe Systems Incorporated Reporter's   
Email Address: [private]    
Reporter's Title: [private]      
Reporter's Company Name: Adobe Systems Incorporated   
Reporter's Telephone Number: [private]    
Reporter's Address: 345 Park Avenue San Jose, CA US   
Reported URLs: http://aenism.com/font-files-off-typekit/  

Original Work: I have a good faith belief that the website offers items and contains materials that are not authorized by the IP Owner, or the law, and therefore infringes the IP Owner's rights. The reasons that the URL website must be suspended are as follows:

a. Offers pirated software or otherwise unauthorized item that violates the IP Owner's trademarks and copyright.
b. Misuses the IP Owner's brand name, trademarks and copyright.
c. A site that posts information on how to crack, hack, or get serial numbers for Adobe's copyrighted software.

Please {suspend this website/remove this content} immediately so that our rights are no longer violated and that the proprietor of this site discontinues its criminal activities.

The information in the notification is accurate and under penalty of perjury that the Complaining Party is the owner or is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

The reported URLs are infringing Adobe Systems Incorporated’s copyright. I have a good faith belief that the use of the material is not authorized by the intellectual property owner, its agent, or the law (e.g. it is not fair use). I represent that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that I am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. As applicable under 17 U.S.C 512(f), I acknowledge that I may be subject to liability for damages if I knowingly materially misrepresent that material or activity is infringing.

Examples of legitimate Adobe Products can be found below.
http://www.adobe.com/products/catalog.html?promoid=KAWQI
