To whom it may concern,

I have read and understand GitHub’s Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

My name is [private], I am the [private] of UgMO Technologies and am writing in response to the companies proprietary information being shared in a public repository by a former software contractor. I have recently found two additional repositories. We wish to have these repositories removed from public view as well. The contributor has been contacted and refuses to remove the information which is the property of UgMO Technologies. The information was unlawfully copied from the companies data base and is now being exposed on a public repository. Below please find links link to the public repositories that contain information all of which is owned by UgMO Technologies. Below the link is additional contact information for the contributor.

https://github.com/bparanj/Logger-Bridge  
https://github.com/bparanj/LB

[private]

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

All of my contact information can be found below. I appreciate you immediate resolution of this issue.

Thanks,

[private]  

C: [private]  
T: [private]  
F: [private]  

UgMO Technologies  
840 First Avenue, Suite 300  
King of Prussia, PA 19406
