My name is [private] and I am a legal of MStar Semiconductor Inc. (“MStar”)

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

Pursuant to 17 USC 512 and other applicable U.S. and international statutes, MStar provides this notification of claimed infringement and requests that you immediately remove any documents and files under or within following link from your website. This communication serves as a statement that:

I am the duly authorized representative of the rights holder for the files or documents under or within the following link which are confidential and proprietary to MStar:

https://github.com/kungfu-monkey/Supernova/tree/master/Supernova

The unauthorized copying, disclosure and distribution of MStar’s confidential trade secret and copyright-protected documents constitute a violation of both civil and criminal trade secret and copyright laws.

Based on our preliminary investigation, we believe that this web site is owned and/or controlled by you. Therefore, MStar requests you to remove these files and documents from any of the web sites under your control, and destroy any and all copies of the files and documents that you possess.

We also request that you identify to us your source(s) for these documents, so that we may contact them and request that they delete and/or remove the documents that they possess as well.

Nothing herein shall constitute a waiver of any of MStar’s rights in law or in equity, all of which are expressly reserved.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by MStar, or its agent, or the law.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Should you wish to discuss this with me please contact me directly.

Thank you.

Date: May 16, 2016

[private]

[private]

Email: [private]  

Tel: [private]  

Address: [private]  
