**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
Yes

**What work was allegedly infringed? If possible, please provide a URL:**  
The Vudu To Go software is the copyright protected work that has been infringed. Evidence of such can be found via the following URLs:  
https://github.com/Free2D2/Free2D  
https://github.com/frankiek3/Free2D  

The code being hosted on Github is circumnavigating VUDU To Go software measures which ensure that the person using the software actually possesses the physical DVD before being provided the opportunity to purchase a digital version of the movie. The code alters old versions of the VUDU To Go software to remove this physical check and then points to an online repository of DVD ISOs (signatures) which are then transmitted by the altered software.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**  
All of them. These files circumnavigate the copyright protection of VUDU, Inc. and its licensors. These files are utilized for pure piracy in violation of 17 USC 1201(a)(2) and 1201(b)(1)

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
All sub folders should be deleted as well.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
Not open source - these webpages host copyright circumvention software to allow piracy of copyrighted content in violation of 17 USC 1201(a)(2) and 1201(b)(1).

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  
Deletion. This software is illegal and utilized solely for piracy in violation of 17 USC 1201(a)(2) and 1201(b)(1).

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
No.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
Yes

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
[private]

[private]  
Dinsmore & Shohl LLP  
255 East 5th Street  
Cincinnati, OH, 45202  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
[private]
