Hello,

My name is [Private] (GitHub user is blangel) and I am a professor at
NYU teaching course CS9053. I use GitHub to help teach my class. I use
private repositories to share homework and code with students and I
leverage pull requests to code review the students' submissions. This
material, however, is copyrighted by myself and NYU and I make explicit to
students that this material should not be copied into other repositories
and publicly posted online. This is to help avoid academic dishonesty in
cheating (copying past homework submissions).

GitHub user CHRISlvZHANG has two repositories which violate this copyright.

https://github.com/CHRISlvZHANG/CS9053-Java  
and  
https://github.com/CHRISlvZHANG/Java-NYU-Course-Lab-Series

They are in fact copies of other students work (who have not agreed to this
posting, one of which has logged a complaint already with GitHub,
user [Private]).

The user in question, CHRISlvZHANG, does not have a public email associated
with his account. I have attempted to contact him (per GitHub guidelines)
by opening the following pull requests asking him to take down the material:

https://github.com/CHRISlvZHANG/CS9053-Java/pull/1  
https://github.com/CHRISlvZHANG/Java-NYU-Course-Lab-Series/pull/1

He has not responded and so I am issuing a DMCA Complaint to take down the
repositories.

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

I have verified that each of the repositories is a whole copy of
copyrighted material and both should completely be removed.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described
above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner,
or its agent, or the law.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed.

My contact information is below:

[Private]

Thank you  
[Private]
