I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

Please be advised that confidential trade secret information of John L. Scott, Inc. ("JLS"), has been unlawfully posted on your site by a former JLS contractor named [private]. Link: (https://github.com/traceherrell/propertyTracker/tree/master). [private] is contractually bound to protect JLS's trade secrets and confidential information. More specifically, his contract provides that he agrees not to "disclose or furnish to any person, company or other entity, or use in its own or in any other person's business, any Confidential Information relating to the Company, whether or not classified as secret, proprietary, or business sensitive, which has not been previously disclosed to the public by the Company". [private]'s posting of JLS's code to the Github site is a direct and deliberate violation of JLS's contract, statutory, and common law rights. It also is in direct contravention of Github's Terms of Use.

On behalf of JLS, we demand that Github immediately remove the JLS code from the Github site at https://github.com/traceherrell/propertyTracker/tree/master. We will consider Github's failure to do so to be an act of aiding and abetting [private]'s unlawful conduct, and we reserve all of JLS's rights in the event the code is not taken down immediately. We will follow up with a formal letter next week but the content will continue to cause damage to JLS in the interim, and must be taken down now. Please direct any response to my attention ([private]) with a copy to our outside counsel, [private], ([private]). Thank you for your attention to this matter.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that John L. Scott Real Estate is the copyright owner, and I am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

[private]
General Counsel
John L. Scott Inc.
11040 Main St., Suite 280
Bellevue, Washington 98004
Tel: [private]
[private]
