Dear GitHub Copyright Agent:

I, the undersigned, state UNDER PENALTY OF PERJURY that:

[1] I have read GitHub's guidelines on submitting DMCA Notices posted at https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/#how-to-submit-your-complaint on September 9, 2016.

[2] Copyrighted work I believe has been infringed: Among other things, reproduction of Qualcomm's confidential and proprietary source code for mobile phone software which Qualcomm shares with third parties only under NDA or similar contract.

[3] Material I allege is infringing the copyrighted work listed in item #2: Please act expeditiously to remove the following repositories and branches, each of which infringes Qualcomm's rights by reproducing substantial portions of Qualcomm's confidential and proprietary source code:

https://github.com/cancro-dev/flybirdlaboratory_boot_images

https://github.com/cancro-dev/flybirdlaboratory_boot_images

[4] The affected user requires a license from Qualcomm to possess a copy of the files. The affected user should contact Qualcomm at DocCtrlAgent@qualcomm.com to confirm authorization and/or a license to possess a copy of the subject copyrighted files.

[5] I May Be Contacted At:

Name of Injured Party : Qualcomm Technologies, Inc.   
Name and Title: [private]     
Company: Qualcomm Incorporated       
Address: 5775 Morehouse Dr.    
City, State, and Zip: San Diego, CA 92121    
Email address: [private]    
Telephone: [private]    

[6] Contact information for the alleged infringer: UNKNOWN

[7] I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.

[8] I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Truthfully,

[private]    
[private]    
Qualcomm Incorporated  
5775 Morehouse Drive  
San Diego, California 92121-1714  
[private]     
[private] fax  
