While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
  
Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.  
  
**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**  
  
No  
  
**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**  
  
GitHub  
  
**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**  
  
A project developed by our team has been open sourced without our permission.  
The project was created in 2018 and is stored in a [private] on the Alliyun platform.  
We mentioned our storage link in a follow-up question, which is not accessible without the permission of the team's master and developer.  
However, under this link, we found copies of all the project source code.  
If requested, we can provide screenshots of our code stored in a [private].  
We would like to be able to remove this code and the repository where it is stored.  
We also hope that the infringers will guarantee that they will not open source the code and use it for commercial purposes.  
These actions will only be carried out with our permission.  
  
**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
  
This is a [private] about our project, which was created in [private] with a team of [private].  
[private]
  
**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**  
  
https://github.com/radtek/MiddlewareOperation  
  
**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**  
  
Yes  
  
**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**  
  
Our projects are stored in a [private] on the Aliyun platform, which can be accessed via the following link:  
[private]  
You can find that it is not possible to view any files in the project without the team's Master or Developer permissions.  
  
**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**  
  
This is something we don't know about.  
  
**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
  
This repository currently has no forks.  
  
**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**  
  
No  
  
**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**  
  
Reported content must be removed  
  
**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**  
  
We have no contact information for the alleged infringer.  
  
**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**  
  
**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**  
  
**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**  
  
**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**  
  
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**  
  
[private]  
[private]  
  
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**  
  
[private]   
