Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

Notice of Copyright Infringement Under Digital Millennium Copyright Act 

Dear Designated Agent at Github.com: 

We write on behalf of Pearson Education, Inc. (or NCS Pearson or other Pearson Entity), the publisher of Computer Networking A Top-Down Approach 8th Edition (“Pearson”) and hereby provide notice of copyright infringement pursuant to the terms of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act.

Pearson is the owner of the copyrights in the following work (the “Work”): 

Computer Networking A Top-Down Approach 8th Edition by Kurose & Ross 

It has come to Pearson’s attention that your service located at github.com (the “Service”) provides access to materials that infringe Pearson’s copyrights in the Works. The following is the URL at which the unauthorized and infringing copy of the Work is accessible on the Service: 

https://github.com/armatrix/cs-computer-networking/blob/master/computer-networking-a-top-down-approach-8th-edition.pdf

‌We therefore request that you remove or disable access to the infringing material as set forth in 17 U.S. C. § 512(b) of the DMCA.

I have taken fair use into consideration. We have a good faith belief that the use of the Works in the manner described in this letter is not authorized by Pearson, any agent of Pearson, or any applicable law and is therefore infringing. Under penalty of perjury, I certify that the information contained in the notification is both true and accurate, and I have the authority to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright(s) involved.  Should you wish to discuss this notice directly, please contact the undersigned using the contact information set forth below. 

[private]

[private] - [private]

Pearson Education, Inc

[private]

[private]

[private]
