**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

Yes

**Please provide the Zendesk ticket number of your previously submitted notice. Zendesk ticket numbers are 7 digit ID numbers located in the subject line or body of your confirmation email.**

2104365

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

This data has been accidently added on public repository instead of Fisker's organization repository. The whole repository https://github.com/MarcoLee1989/CBD1800182_D73 has this data that belongs to Fisker and MarcoLee1989 has forked it.
Please delete the whole repository from the GitHub as this property belongs to the Fisker organization. So kindly request you to delete the whole repository.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The original copyrighted work is [private] Evaluation Stack license to Fisker for evaluation purposes. This copyrighted work is proprietary and confidential. All the files in the https://github.com/MarcoLee1989/CBD1800182_D73 repository needs to be taken down.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

All the files in the https://github.com/MarcoLee1989/CBD1800182_D73 repository needs to be taken down.

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

No we don't know any additional repositories.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

I tried to find the contact information but could not find any. Only the user name is MarcoLee1989 that I came to know.
Also I tried to create issue/pull request but I am not able to create. If you have contact information then request you to share so that I can have some discussions with him.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
Mobile No : [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
