While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Hello, I am the [private] of Wuhan Jiccos Technology Co., Ltd.  
We were found that a former employee released the front-end code of the company's APP to Github.

We are a commercial company, the Application ' Jicco ', website:https://jicco.cn,
and we hold legal business qualifications, including software copyright certificate, ICP business license, trademark registration certificate, etc.

In addition, our code is fully enclosed and does not have open source

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Our company's mobile client product 'jicco' has been infringed and stolen  
Official website:https://jicco.cn  
Both Apple and Android apps can be redirected or downloaded directly from the official website.

It is written using Flutter.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/ArielJin/jicco_flutter.git

This is the source code address that we found to be infringing and publicly available.  
All files under the source code engineering directory are copyrighted by our company.

Please delete it on Github in a timely manner and prohibit the code from continuing to spread anywhere on Github.

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

We can only release a mandatory update version to change the API address, but this will affect users who are currently using it

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

The project did not rewrite any files but uploaded the complete Jicco source code intact.  
By the way, the uploaded version of this code is 1.8.2, and currently the latest version of Jicco is 1.8.4

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, we have checked and compared all files in the infringing folder that belong to our company's copyright

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

We were found that maybe a former employee released the front-end code of the company's APP to Github, which had a bad impact on our company. At present, we cannot know the true identity of this employee, so we can only ask Github to delete the code involving the trademark "jicco", and ban the user account. If possible, please provide us with the real information of the user, We will submit a legal lawsuit.

Unfortunately, currently we only know that this person's github account is "ArielJin".

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

My phone number is : [private]

My email is : [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
