Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

Dear Sirs,

The National Professional Football League, (hereinafter, LaLiga), has among its main objectives the fight against piracy in the digital environment, in particular, the protection of its rights and those of its member clubs, and spends enormous human and technological resources to detect such misuse.

Furthermore, we also wish to inform you, in accordance with Article 2 of the Royal Decree-Law 5/2015, of April 30th, on urgent measures regarding the marketing of rights to exploit audiovisual content of professional football competitions, that La Liga is the assignee entity for the marketing of rights to exploit audiovisual content of the National League Championship of the First and Second Divisions.

In this sense, the purpose of this writing is to denounce the linkpublished by the user on his social network in which ACESTREAM links appear that allow viewing broadcasts of the First and Second Division matches. This user does not have any right to this type of links with illegal broadcasts, so the conduct described supposes a violation of said exploitation rights of audiovisual content of the National League Championship in its First and Second Divisions.
URL: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SirRandomss/donuts/main/ids

[private]

In accordance with the above, we urge you to effectuate the immediate removal of such content from your social network, and to warn the user of the offence committed, and we remind you that it is your obligation to monitor the content of the video from users of your social network. Also, we attach the links to the original work for your info:

- http://www.laliga.es/laligatv

- https://www.youtube.com/user/laliga

We confirm that we are the rights owner, and because of that, we are authorized to submit reports. In order to help you confirm our identification, we always send our reports from our official email address: [private]. We hope you take it into account in order to accept all of our communications.

The information in this notification is accurate, and I state under penalty of perjury that I am authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner. I have good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.

In order to resolve the current dispute and avoid legal escalation, we request that you reply confirm receipt of the email and reaffirm your willingness to initiate appropriate action to pursue intellectual property defense. Proof of this copyright claim is attached.

Finally, we provide you with our contact details:

Liga Nacional de Fútbol Profesional, with domicile in

[private]

[private]

Tel.: [private]

email: [private]

Respectfully,

[private]

[private]
