While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Noor Play is the only legal owner of the Turkish series Kuruluş Osman (المؤسس عثمان) in the middle east.  
https://noorplay.com/ar/series/the-ottoman/gnojj66ieqb7/season/4

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

This repo is used as a host for an android app called Action tv (you can check it up here: https://action-tv-app.com/) that infringes our exclusive series Kuruluş Osman and provides it for millions of users as a pirated copy.
The repo uses some coding and decoding techniques to keep the pirated urls hidden so that it can't be taken down easly so please check it in details and notice the actions tap that is being updated every few hours.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

This is the main repo: https://github.com/lordfoxmet/lordfoxmet.github.io  
In this url (https://github.com/lordfoxmet/lordfoxmet.github.io/blob/f7da728e8bb2137f973c57dad32427b21ed5267b/yiuong/z/e/13021) there is a reference for our sereis Kuruluş Osman (المؤسس عثمان)

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

The content in our platform is drm protected but developers can still find a workaround to download our content.

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

It collects pirated urls from different websites and encodes them into the repo to be called and decoded from the app.

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

This account runs the repo and is within the contributors of the repo  
[private]

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

[private]

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
