**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Hello,
I am writing on behalf of Codesign software (https://codesign.pro) as [private] and [private] .

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The original product, "Spawnselect" is sold through our website https://codesign.pro/package/4206363  
The content published on GitHub is an edited copy of version 2.0 of our product (current version 3.0.3)

The repositories in question include direct copies of our files ([private]), as well as [private] and [private] which have been edited to support another framework. (Which we do not allow)

This is visible in our private repository [private] 

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

Entire repository, https://github.com/scotchndev/spawnmap

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, the entire repository, [invalid]

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

This work is not under any open-source licenses, and sharing our files is against our terms of service

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

No, this was stolen code released in bad faith.

Removal of the entire repository.  
The repository cannot be made private.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

We do not have their contact information, other than their Github profile(s)

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Codesign Software  
[private] , [private], [private]  
Company number: [private]  
Tax ID Number: [private]  

E-mail address: [private]  
Phone number: +[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private] 
