**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Hello

I [private] for Rutgers University in 2019 and it seems that the user (USMC1941) has copied all slides, projects, exams, etc, and put them on his repo on GitHub. He is not authorized to do that.

I opened an issue on that repo, a month ago, but no replies from that user.

Kindly, I ask you to remove/block this content  
https://github.com/USMC1941/CS352-Rutgers

Thank you

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

I am the [private] of the slides, exams, projects, and all materials that were posted on https://github.com/USMC1941/CS352-Rutgers

That user seems to be a student that attended the class I then uploaded all the materials to Github  
This is affecting me in many ways, especially I am teaching this course again this semester

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/USMC1941/CS352-Rutgers

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

I do not know

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

no, nothing was mentioned about this in the materials

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

no, just remove the content

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

+[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
