Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

2021-07-19

Anti-Piracy Protection [private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
tel. +[private]  

Recipient Name and Address
github.com

DMCA Notice – Infringement of Wiley Copyrights

To Whom It May Concern:

I, the undersigned, CERTIFY UNDER PENALTY OF PERJURY that I am an agent authorized to act on behalf of the owner of certain intellectual property rights, said owner being named John Wiley & Sons, Inc. hereafter “Wiley”.

We recently learned that an unauthorized copy of the material listed below is available for download on a website hosted by your company at the following URL address:

https://github.com/YCIrving/game-programmer-road/blob/master/operating-systems/operating-system-concepts-10th.pdf

The material is as follows:

Operating System Concepts, 10th Edition

Authorisation Letter: [private]  

I have a good faith belief that the use of the title(s) identified above is not authorized by Wiley, its agent, or the law and therefore constitute a serious infringement of, inter alia, Wiley's copyrights.

We understand that many responsible ISPs inadvertently infringe the copyrights of others, and that this may be one such case. Accordingly, we will forbear legal action against your company provided that you remove or block access to the infringing matter within 48 hours of the time and date of this e-mail.

Thank you in advance for your cooperation.

With Kind Regards,

[private]  
Anti-Piracy Protection

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Operating System Concepts, 10th Edition  
https://www.wiley.com/en-gb/Operating+System+Concepts%2C+10th+Edition-p-9781119320913

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/YCIrving/game-programmer-road/blob/master/operating-systems/operating-system-concepts-10th.pdf

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

No

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

remove or block access to the infringing matter

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Anti-Piracy Protection [private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
tel. +[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
