**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

My name is [private], I am the [private] of Eon Visual Media Limited, a visual media business based in Hull in the United Kingdom. I am authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner’s for our business website https://eon-media.com/

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

It has been brought to our attention that our business website (https://eon-media.com/) has been duplicated, and a fake business website is being hosted by a GitHub Pages service (https://github.com/eon-media/eon-media.github.io).

Whoever has created this fake website has copied our website source code (in February 2021) and tried to replicate this via GitHub.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

Please delete the GitHub page - https://github.com/eon-media/eon-media.github.io

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

N/A

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

N/A

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Please delete the fake business website. By leaving this fake website live, this could be potentially damaging for our business.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

N/A – we are unable to identify who has created this fake business website.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Name: [private]

Email: [private]

Telephone: [private]

Address:
Eon Visual Media Limited,  
1-7 Thomas St,  
Hull,  
East Yorkshire,  
United Kingdom,  
HU9 1EH.  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
