While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am [private] of iFast China branch.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.  
I would like to submit the request to take down below URL. It is an old version of part of our company's code.  
https://github.com/cardinals/jeecms-1

Above mentioned URL was a fork of this URL: https://github.com/pthill/jeecms, which I have submitted request to take down days ago. I have already been informed that https://github.com/pthill/jeecms has been disabled.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

Please take down the whole URL repository https://github.com/pthill/jeecms .

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

We have full range of control access, including but not limited to end user device control, MAC address control, web content filtering and so on after year 2018.

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

During early time, the access control was not so effective.

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

All forks of the URL repository should be taken down.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No. The initial account owner seems never update anything since year 2019.
I don't know the person forked the URL.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

please contact me at [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
