**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

Yes

**Please provide the Zendesk ticket number of your previously submitted notice. Zendesk ticket numbers are 7 digit ID numbers located in the subject line or body of your confirmation email.**

1494935

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Process Communication Model© is a copyrighted communication model, property of Kahler Communications, Inc.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Process Communication Model® uses a questionnaire to allow clients to answer specific questions to generate a personality profile.

Only PCM Certified Trainer and Coaches can deliver Process Communication Model Profiles by buying the official Process Communication Model Material and using the Personality Pattern Inventory.

You have to be a customer of our companies to access the questionnaire, so we have created an access for you:   
[private]

If you register and access our questionnaire you'll see that the questions, the answers an the profile names has been copied:
(here the code: https://alextarchini.github.io/PCMTest/questions.js)

We also have created a screencast to show you side by side both questionnaires:  
[private]

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The whole repository should be taken down:
https://github.com/alextarchini/PCMTest

The whole website should be taken down:
https://alextarchini.github.io/PCMTest/

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

It seams that there is no forks.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

The infringer contact information cannot be found.  
The infringer don't respond to our issue on github: https://github.com/alextarchini/PCMTest/issues/1

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
