Hello Dear Github:

I'm sorry to bother you again. I added the detailed reasons for the request for deletion and my signature .

     I am a [private]. It is nice to be able to use Github such a professional and efficent platform, and now we have a need to be very hopefully able to get Github's support and resolution.

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

I  created a Repository called ChangSha_elect in [private] the year before last, which contained  creators, contents and name are all owned by me.  

This repository contains a product prototype I designed for customers, and uses some sensitive materials provided by customers, including pictures with specific logs and sample data. This should have been a private repository, which was inadvertently set to public.

I have the full copyright of these design codes and do not want the design ideas and relevant sensitive materials to be disclosed.

I received a complaint about information security and asked to delete it. later found that before we deleted, the user named lover2668 forked our entire Repository, and it still exists.

The following is Github's URL and Screenshots about our forked Repository :

https://github.com/lover2668/ChangSha_elect


The following screenshot is an example in which the design style, the pictures used, and the sample data do not want to be exposed.

  

I tried to get the author's contact information, but I got nothing. so I hope Github as soon as possible to help completely remove  lover2668/ChangSha_elect  and thank you very much!

The following is my contact information:

My e-mail: [private]

Name: [private]

Cellphone: [private]

Physical address: [private]

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

The attachment contains my physical signature information, please check it

Thank You!

Registration name on GitHub: [private]  

The signature of my legal first and last name: [private]
