**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.  
I am filing a DMCA takedown request to user lovaya to request that they remove the repository that they forked from my public repository on on Oct 27, 2018. Their repository is located here: https://github.com/lovaya/EzCad3_VS2015.  
My original repo was on [invalid]. My repo was public until I noticed that it was forked then i deleted my original repo. My repo is a copy of my working software ezcad3's source code for UI change. When I realized that someone had forked by repo, I become worried that someone would submit this as commercial use.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The forked repository lives here: https://github.com/lovaya/EzCad3_VS2015. The repo is currently public. lovaya has forked by repo, and my username is clearly visible on their page. This repository was forked from my repo, This copyrighted work is my own code that I updated on Oct 27, 2018 in [invalid];

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

Please remove this entire repo: https://github.com/lovaya/EzCad3_VS2015

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, this repo is the only fork of my work. https://github.com/lovaya/EzCad3_VS2015

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Other Change

**Describe the change.**

The best solution would be for all the files in the repo to be removed.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

I know their email which is in their main page [private];

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

my phone number is [private]; email is [private] or [private];

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
