**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**    
My company is the copyright owner, and I'm the authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf.   
   
**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**    
https://github.com/perkyliu/jd, it is the source code of our company's "Digital China Jinxin self-service equipment operation monitoring and management system software V2.0". Among them, the name of our client [private] appears in the annotation in the header of jd/src/task/MsgRemind_jy.java file.   
   
**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**    
all files in this repository: https://github.com/perkyliu/jd.   
   
**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**    
I've searched, and there are no other branches of files or repositories suspected of infringement.   
   
**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**    
The source code is owned by our company, not open source.   
   
**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**    
The best solution is to delete, because the source code is owned by our company, so we require to delete.   
   
**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**    
We've checked all the technicians who might have access to the code in 2011-2013, but most of them left office many years ago, so that I can't find the target person. I tried to send an e-mail to [private], but no reply.   
   
**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**    
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.   
   
**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**    
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.   
   
**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**    
I confirm I've read it.   
   
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**    
You can contact me by email: [private] & [private].  
   
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**    
Company: Digital China Jinxin Technology Co.,Ltd.    
Contacts: [private]  
   
Thanks for your cooperation.    
07/20/2019   
