Dear DMCA Agent,

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

We are Realtek ASIC xPON team, we are owner of certain copyright protected software identified below, which has been posted to GitHub.com without license. Please direct all future correspondence related to this matter to me.

We hereby provide notice of copyright infringement pursuant to the terms of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the “Act”).

Copyright Owner is the owner of copyrights in the following works (the “Work”):

 a)       Following path is Realtek ASIC SDK ,we provide the SDK to our customers develop the feature for ASIC chip, but it is not publicly disclosed. Please remove this folder.

https://github.com/hawk98/RTL9607C/tree/master/linux-3.18.x/drivers/net/ethernet/realtek/rtl86900/sdk

 b)      Following is Realtek ASIC tool, it is also not for publicly disclosed, please remove this folder, it is not for public.

https://github.com/hawk98/RTL9607C/tree/master/user2/rtkbosa

 c)       It is WSC tool, copyright by Realtek Semiconductor Corp, please remove this file, it is not for public.

https://github.com/hawk98/RTL9607C/blob/master/user/wsc/src/wsc.c

 d)      Realtek private tool. Following files have Copyrights in header, please remove this file, it is not for public.

https://github.com/hawk98/RTL9607C/blob/master/user/wlan_daemon/11N_UDPserver.c

It has come to Copyright Owner’s attention that your service located at the following clickable links:

a)       https://github.com/hawk98/RTL9607C/blob/master/linux-3.18.x/drivers/net/ethernet/realtek/rtl86900/sdk/src/app/omci_v1/API/omci_api.c

/*

* Copyright (C) 2014 Realtek Semiconductor Corp.

* All Rights Reserved.

*

* This program is the proprietary software of Realtek Semiconductor

* Corporation and/or its licensors, and only be used, duplicated,

* modified or distributed under the authorized license from Realtek.

*

* ANY USE OF THE SOFTWARE OTHER THAN AS AUTHORIZED UNDER

* THIS LICENSE OR COPYRIGHT LAW IS PROHIBITED.

*

* Purpose : Definition of OMCI message queue APIs

*

* Feature : The file includes the following modules and sub-modules

* (1) OMCI message queue APIs

*/

b)      https://github.com/hawk98/RTL9607C/blob/master/user2/rtkbosa/rtkbosa.c

/*

* Copyright (C) 2018 Realtek Semiconductor Corp.

* All Rights Reserved.

*

* This program is the proprietary software of Realtek Semiconductor

* Corporation and/or its licensors, and only be used, duplicated,

* modified or distributed under the authorized license from Realtek.

*

* ANY USE OF THE SOFTWARE OTHER THAN AS AUTHORIZED UNDER

* THIS LICENSE OR COPYRIGHT LAW IS PROHIBITED.

*

*/

We have a good faith belief that the use of the Works in the material described in this letter is not authorized by Copyright Owner, any agent of Copyright Owner, or any applicable law. The information in this notification is accurate. We swear under penalty of perjury that we are authorized to act on behalf of Copyright Owner with respect to the subject matter of this letter.

We therefore request that you remove or disable access to the infringing material as set forth in Section 512(c)(1)(C) of the Act and pursuant to your Copyright Policy and terms of service.

Please contact the undersigned no later than one week from the date of this letter to confirm that the infringing material has been removed or access disabled. The undersigned may be contacted at the address and email address set forth above.

The above is not an exhaustive statement of all the relevant facts and law. We expressly reserve all legal and equitable rights and remedies.

Realtek Semiconductor Corporation

[private]

[private]

Tel: [private]

Fax: [private]

Best Regards,
[private]  
Realtek Semiconductor Corp.  
Tel  : [private]
