**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**    
    
Yes    
    
**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**    
    
In the normal course of business, we hired [private] as a contractor for Principal Financial Group. While in our employ, he appears to have copied Principal intellectual property to his personal GitHub account. The intellectual property he has stolen is hosted on our on-prem internal repository management system, we cannot provide a link. The business use of the code he has stolen is our Compensation Schedules Admin (CSA) system in support of our marketer services representatives who sell and manage business for our US Insurance Solutions and Retirement business areas. The code is proprietary to our business.    
    
We are asserting that the entirety of all the repositories listed below are copies of internal proprietary repositories and are entirely the property of the Principal Financial Group.    
    
The additional Documentation directory listed below from his personal-projects repository is internal documentation for Principal's proprietary internal systems that [private] obtained while in our employ. These documentation files for our internal proprietary systems are entirely the property of the Principal Financial Group.    
    
**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**    
    
https://github.com/hugocesar87/api-fp-qualification-rest     
https://github.com/hugocesar87/csa-admin-backend     
https://github.com/hugocesar87/csa-admin-ui     
https://github.com/hugocesar87/cvapi-rest-automation-test     
https://github.com/hugocesar87/csa-automation-sprint2_3     
https://github.com/hugocesar87/template-generator    
    
https://github.com/hugocesar87/personal-projects/tree/master/Documents    
    
**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**    
    
Yes, no forks were found.    
    
**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**    
    
The work is not open source.    
    
**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**    
    
This code and documentation is property of Principal Financial Group, not the individual - they need to be fully removed.    
    
**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**    
    
Infringer has posted his resume on Github: [private]
    
**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**    
    
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.    
    
**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**    
    
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.    
    
**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**    
    
We have, yes.    
    
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**    
    
711 High Street, Des Moines, IA 50392. I can best be reached at the email [private]    
    
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**    
    
[private]  
