Without Prejudice    
    
By Electronic Mail    
    
GitHub, Inc    
    
Attn: DMCA Agent    
    
88 Colin P Kelly Jr St    
    
San Francisco, CA. 94107    
    
copyright@github.com    
    
APPLE INC.’S DMCA TAKE DOWN NOTICE (CD033274)    
    
Dear DMCA Agent:    
    
We are outside intellectual property counsel for Apple Inc. (“Apple” or “Copyright Owner”), the owner of certain copyright protected software identified below, which has been posted to GitHub.org without license. Please direct all future correspondence related to this matter to me.    
    
We hereby provide notice of copyright infringement pursuant to the terms of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the “Act”).     
    
Copyright Owner is the owner of copyrights in the following works (the “Work”):    
    
a)TestPostLogToSplunk.java, an Apple internal tool, not publicly disclosed, configured to operate within the Apple internal domain configured to interact securely with internal confidential Apple internal servers.    
    
It has come to Copyright Owner’s attention that your service located at the following clickable links:    
    
1.https://github.com/johnzhang320/DevGeekSkills/blob/master/de-java-utils/post-data-to-splunk/src/main/java/com/post/data/to/splunk/serviceImpl/TestPostLogToSplunk.java    
    
(the “Service”) displays and provide access to Copyright Owner’s Works without license and thereby infringes Copyright Owner’s copyrights in the Works.    
    
The following is the infringing material accessible via the Services:    
    
1. TestPostToSplunk.java, a detailed description of which follows: this software constitutes Copyright Owner’s copyright protected software code, and is displayed and made available by the Service without license, such that the entire file available at the Service, is infringing Copyright Owner’s exclusive rights in the Work.  This Apple internal software tool is configured to operate for Apple internal purposes within the Apple internal domain making use of secure communications with a confidential Apple servers using Apple internal information, for example, as can be seen here: https://github.com/johnzhang320/DevGeekSkills/blob/master/de-java-utils/post-data-to-splunk/src/main/java/com/post/data/to/splunk/serviceImpl/TestPostLogToSplunk.java lines 13-15, 34, 82, 127, 132-135 170-192.    
    
We have a good faith belief that the use of the Works in the material described in this letter is not authorized by Copyright Owner, any agent of Copyright Owner, or any applicable law.  The information in this notification is accurate. We swear under penalty of perjury that we are authorized to act on behalf of Copyright Owner with respect to the subject matter of this letter.     
    
We therefore request that you remove or disable access to the infringing material as set forth in Section 512(c)(1)(C) of the Act and pursuant to your Copyright Policy and terms of service.    
    
Please contact the undersigned no later than one week from the date of this letter to confirm that the infringing material has been removed or access disabled. The undersigned may be contacted at the address and email address set forth above.    
    
The above is not an exhaustive statement of all the relevant facts and law. We expressly reserve all legal and equitable rights and remedies.    
    
     
    
Very truly yours,    
    
/[private]/      
    
[private]  
Reed Smith LLP    
  
[private]
    
Reed Smith LLP     
Reed Smith Centre     
225 Fifth Avenue     
Pittsburgh, PA 15222-2716     
[private]     
Fax [private]  
