This is a follow-up to your previous request #260874 "Copyright claim on code on ..."

To：GitHub, Inc.

I, [private], act as the legal counsel for ABCD（Beijing）Technology Limited on sending you a letter in relate to a Copyright claim on code on github.com.

· "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."

· "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."

In view of the facts that:

1. Our company‘s former employee with the ID qiu997018209 on github.com uploaded and hosted the core code on github.com on August 13, 2018. The code hosting folder was abc (abc technology work project).

Site at: https://github.com/qiu997018209/abc

2. The code in the code hosting folder abc was written and created by our company team. Our company is the owner of the code copyright. The copyright does not belong to qiu997018209, which is our company's trade secret.

qiu997018209 opened the core code on github.com without our company's permission, which is a serious violation of Chinese laws on trade secret protection and Digital Millennium Copyright Act.

3. Based on the above facts, we thought:

You have an obligation to Maintain the spirit of Digital Millennium Copyright Act and actively protect the copyright rights of the copyright owner.

Meanwhile, in order to avoid further profit losses to our company,

please immediatelytakedown, remove and destroy the code, which is in the code hosting folder abc of qiu997018209 on github.com, upon receipt of this letterwithin three days.

Willing to solve this matter friendly, we send this letter, please treat our opinions seriously.

ABCD（Beijing）Technology Limited

Legal Department

May 30, 2019

[private] | Legal Affairs | Abbots Technology

[private] | ABC Fintech

Email：[private]

Tel：[private]

Add: [private]

[private]
