Dear Github:    
    
     
    
I'm a developer of the Github named [private]. It is nice to be able to use Github such a professional and efficient platform, and now I have a need to be very hopefully able to get Github's support and resolution.    
    
     
    
First of all, I should say sorry to applay DMCA once again for deleting those repositories which are the same as my private repository.    
    
     
    
I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.    
    
     
    
On June 25th, I found some sensitive documents in my personal repository.([private]) And soon afterwards, I setted the “[private]” private privilege and applyed DMCA for completely removing the fork repositories.    
    
    
     
    
The url of the application in "github/dmca" is "https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/2019/06/2019-06-27-bigdata.md". (It has been dealt with, and I’m very grateful for the processing of the Github Developer Support.)    
    
     
    
But, today, I still find two repositories those are the same of my private repository("[private]"), whether the codes or the commit records!    
    
     
    
Since those repositories contain personal important source code and internal config files, so I hope Github as soon as possible to help me completely remove those repositories.    
    
     
    
"nakyzhao/big_data" (https://github.com/nakyzhao/big_data)    
    
     
    
"YangGaoGit/big_data" (https://github.com/YangGaoGit/big_data)    
    
     
    
    
All of the commit records of those repositories come from me and they do not do any changes!    
    
The commit detail link of the first repository: (https://github.com/nakyzhao/big_data/commits/master). I think it can prove that I'm the real copyright owner of the repository.    
    
PS: You can also check the commit records in the attach pdf files. (Commits · nakyzhao_big_data-(1)(2).pdf / Commits · SeanYanxml_bigdata-(1)(2).pdf )    
    
    
     
    
If you have any questions, contact with me.    
    
     
    
Github ID: [private]   
    
My e-mail Address: [private]     
    
Cellphone: [private]  
    
Address: [private]  
     
    
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.    
    
     
    
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.    
    
     
    
PS: Recently, I sended e-mails about DMCA repeatedly! Now, I realize the mistake and I will apply for it according to the rule in the future. I am very grateful for your generosity to my behavior( especially [private] and [private]).    
    
     
    
Best Wishes!    
    
[private]
    
