**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**     
Yes    
    
**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**     
I have written the following nodes for Siemens device IOT2000. In all nodes, I use the mraa libraries from Intel: https://github.com/intel-iot-devkit/mraa     
But on Siemens device is a Open Source licence violation of mraa library.     
And in other hand, the mraa libraries produce malfunctions on Siemens IOT2000 device.     
Therefore I delete this nodes from GitHub and npm to prevent this.     
Other users forked my nodes from GitHub.     
This was my orginal nodes on GitHub:    
    
[private]  
[private]  
    
Please Inform the GitHub user Doom4535 and LiuQhahah from licence violation and malfunctions and direct them to delete this nodes.     
Thanks in advance for your help.     
[private]    
    
**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**     
Doom4535/node-red-contrib-iot2000     
Doom4535/node-red-contrib-iot2000-display     
LiuQhahah/node-red-contrib-iot2000    
    
**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**     
Doom4535/node-red-contrib-iot2000     
Doom4535/node-red-contrib-iot2000-display     
LiuQhahah/node-red-contrib-iot2000    
    
**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**     
Yes, Apache License 2.0    
    
**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**     
Please delete all my repository’s from this user.    
    
**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**     
No    
    
**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**     
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.    
    
**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**     
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.    
    
**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**     
I confirm    
    
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**     
[private]  
    
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**     
[private]  
