**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**     
Yes    
    
**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**    
    
Indeed-owned internal code and software, as well as at least one RSA private key, leaked via GitHub by a former Indeed employee on Indeed's Data Engineering team. This includes:    
    
(1) Code responsible for converting Indeed's ClickAnalytics Data to Parquet and loading that data to S3/HDFS; Loading Imhotep Indexes into different destinations; and Indeed's Data Engineering Spark Template    
    
(2) A project containing all the spark and other specific common utilities used by Indeed's Data Engineering team.    
    
(3) A project containing all the details on how to stream Real Time events from Kafka to S3 and eventually merge all the events into redshift.    
    
(4) A project containing details on how to source/backfill data from multiple sources    
    
(5) A project containing all of the terraform scripts which are used to create and destroy Indeed's Data Engineering owned infrastructure in AWS.    
    
(6) 2 projects containing all the details on how to stream Real Time events from Kafka to Cassandra    
    
**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**    
    
https://github.com/aguyyala/ind     
https://github.com/aguyyala/de-common-utils     
https://github.com/aguyyala/harvester     
https://github.com/aguyyala/data-sourcer     
https://github.com/aguyyala/terraform     
https://github.com/aguyyala/real-time-analytics-dashboard     
https://github.com/aguyyala/RealTime_Kafka_Cassandra_Load    
    
**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**    
    
Yes, understood.    
    
**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**    
    
No. The code at issue is proprietary to Indeed, Inc. and not licensed (open source or otherwise).    
    
**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**    
    
Removal.    
    
**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**    
    
https://github.com/aguyyala    
    
**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**    
    
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.    
    
**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**    
    
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.    
    
**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**    
    
Confirmed    
    
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**    
    
[private]  
6433 Champion Grandview Way     
Austin, TX 78750    
    
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**    
    
[private]
