**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?** 

Yes, I am authorized agent representing Alipay.com Co., Ltd ("Alipay").

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Alipay has developed its own proprietary application, Alipay app. Alipay is a household name in China, and it is an application that integrates electronic payment, financial services, social services and domestic services. Copies of the Alipay app can be accessed at the following links: https://mobile.alipay.com/index.htm

Infringing material is part of the proprietary software and its main function is Web browsing. The infringing material also contains the confidential information of Alipay, such as login information, and unauthorized disclosure may pose a security risk to Alipay app. We found that it was illegally disclosed on GitHub’s page by third-party on May 9, 2019. It has been deleted due to our complaint. The infringing material referred to in this notice is another copy of original GitHub’s page.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:** 

https://github.com/ccnucj/my-useful-scripts/blob/master/mycommands

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.** 

No forks have been identified.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

The work is proprietary and copyrighted. The infringer has not been authorized to redistribute it.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Removal is the only acceptable remedy.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:** 

We do not.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."** 

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/** 

I have read and acknowledged the Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

Company: Alipay.com Co., Ltd   
Attn: [private]    
Address: [private]  
[private]  
Email: [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[private]



