** Please remove this information as it has been resolved from both sides **

As explained in the dispute form and discussed in email this issue has been resolved but I would like to request deleting this dispute history which affect my personal reputation.

About the issue: Few years back I purchased the source code from theme crafito for $299 USD in order to speed up the Odoo development theme for my client (single website). After that, I made a private git backup for the source code and nobody else can actually see the source code except me. All the other custom module were in  the same folders, were developed by me so the takedown also deleted my own work. The reason I put the theme crafito was to make my own modification privately in the module folder in order to fix their bugs. AppJetty support is terrible in fixing many front UI and after a year the UI is not able to be set on deployment due to many bugs. So I had to do it alone (make modification). 

Then, I remember that one time I had to make the repo public with no intention for other people to download that crafito theme and I wasn't sure why did I put it public then, I forgot to put that repository as private. Maybe I wanted to ease the commit push feature without having to keyin login information in the git terminal.

Then few days before I got a DMCA notice via email. I saw that the repository was disabled by github. That time I had only been given 24 hours to make changes to the repo and I couldn't make it due to time constraint. I wasn't looking at any emails for the whole day. 

After that, I have requested to extend the time to make changes to the repo and I decided to remove everything and backup my own files. Theme Crafito knew that I own this source code with the valid license, but they didn't want to contact me for dispute instead of filing complain. I had a long disccussion on their support ticket why the module didn't work for deployment. They knew that they are not able to fix their own bugs and asking for more extra fees for putting back CSS code that they removed with no reason (I had to do it on my own). The demo sites got the valid CSS code but they messed it in the commercial codes. So, disabling the repo actually disabled my custom work for that module. But that was the long story. I don't mind.

Now that the issue has been resolved as confirmed from your side. But I would like to request if this dispute history can be deleted for misunderstanding.

