**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**      
Yes, I am. I'm authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.      
The copyright owner is Seven & i Net Media Co.,Ltd.     
     
**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**      
I found that the repository copyrighted by Seven & i Net Media Co.,Ltd. was published on GitHub.      
Original copyrighted work and account ([private]) are already deleted on July 11th, but I found there is one folked repository with the source codes.     
     
The folked repository's URL is "https://github.com/JustTian/OMNI7APP".     
     
The copyright of Seven & i Net Media Co.,Ltd. can be proved by the following source code copyright.      
https://github.com/JustTian/OMNI7APP/blob/master/omni7app/Frameworks/OmniMbaas/omniMbaas.h      
https://github.com/JustTian/OMNI7APP/blob/master/omni7app/Frameworks/OmniMbaas/omniMbaas7Spot.h      
https://github.com/JustTian/OMNI7APP/blob/master/omni7app/Frameworks/OmniMbaas/omniMbaasException.h      
https://github.com/JustTian/OMNI7APP/blob/master/omni7app/Frameworks/OmniMbaas/omniMbaasModel.h      
"Copyright (c) 2015年 7andi.nm. All rights reserved."     
     
The evidence of original copyrighted work what we currently have is information package included in the spreadsheet which is downloadable from following URL.      
Please accept it as the official evidence document.     
     
URL : [private]  
Password : [private]  
     
**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**      
The entire repository should be taken down.      
The repository's URL:https://github.com/JustTian/OMNI7APP     
     
**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**      
Yes,I have.      
This is the only repository I have found so far.     
     
**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**      
The work isn't licensed under an open source license.      
It is the work of Seven & i Net Media Co.,Ltd.     
     
**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**      
The best solution is removing the repository.     
     
**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**      
No, I don't.     
     
**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**      
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.     
     
**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**      
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.     
     
**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**      
I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.     
     
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**      
[private]      
     
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**      
[private]       
NTT DATA MSE Corporation     
