   
**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**   
I am   
   
**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**   
uJ java vm, originally published her: http://dmitry.gr/?r=05.Projects&proj=12.%20uJ%20-%20a%20micro%20JVM   
My license specified no commercial use is allowed   
Samsung made a copy, and changed license to bsd. (against my license)   
Their project was here: https://github.com/Samsung/uJVM   
They made it private but did not take it down after a letter saying they cannot just relicense my work under a difference license.   
   
Sadly there are multiple copies of my code on github still, with an improper apache license. As they are unlicensed, they constitute copyright infringement.   
   
**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**   
the following repositories are infringing. they need to either immediately amend their license to match mine to come into compliance (as seen on my site) or remove the code   
   
github.com/Samsung/uJVM   
[private]  
@cnxtech cnxtech / uJVM   
@earcam earcam / uJVM   
@hainesr hainesr / uJVM   
@puneetmadaan puneetmadaan / uJVM   
@rob2000 rob2000 / uJVM   
[private]      
@Torlus Torlus / uJVM   
@UnDay UnDay / uJVM   
@Vitalii55 Vitalii55 / uJVM   
   
   
   
**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**   
   
see above   
   
**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**   
   
My license is custom and can be seen on the project page I linked to above, additionally, here is a copy:   
License   
This project was made in hopes of being useful and educational, and as such is released under the following license. You may use this code for any use, provided the following conditions are met:   
   
uJ's source and all your modifications are published together with your project, or made available for free to anyone who requests them in a form complete enough to build and run as your device/product does.   
uJ cannot be used in a commercial product/service without first obtaining permission from me ([private]).   
If you use this project in any physical device, you must, in the written materials accompanying it (box inset, manual, or some such thing) include a notice that your device uses code from the uJ project, and a link to http://dmitry.gr. If you use uJ in a purely software project, you must include such a notice in your readme file or manual.   
These license terms, unmodified in any way, always accompany the code and apply to it.   
If you would like to license this code under different terms, contact me, of course.   
   
**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**   
   
Replace bsd license with mine (as my code requires) or remove the code.   
   
**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**   
   
I do not, but you do, since i just gave you the usernames   
   
**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**   
   
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.   
   
**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**   
   
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.   
   
**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**   
   
confirmed   
   
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**   
   
[private]   
   
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**   
   
[private] . Jul 11, 2019   
