**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?** 

Yes. I am the [private] and an authorized signatory for the company that owns the copyright for the contents of this repository

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.** 

The github user aniketthakur has 2 repositories: gravity and gravity-android. Both repositories contain source code that originally was written for Esthenos Technologies Private Limited and is still being used. It has been posted without consent. We can also provide the trademark on the gravity brand that is included in this repository as additional proof if required. 
The location of the repositories that are infringing on our copyright are as follows: 

https://github.com/aniketthakur/gravity     
https://github.com/aniketthakur/gravity-android

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**

We have inspected and concluded that all the source code hosted in the below repositories belong to Esthenos Technologies Private Limited. The entire repository must be taken down in order to prevent further infringement of our copyright. 
Repository location as below:

https://github.com/aniketthakur/gravity   
https://github.com/aniketthakur/gravity-android

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.** 

We have not come across any fork as of now.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

The work is not licensed under an open source license. It is proprietary source and belongs to Esthenos Technologies Private Limited

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?** 

The repository needs to be taken down or ownership of the account needs to be transferred to a github account owned by Esthenos Technologies Private Limited.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**

We have not been able to obtain the contact information of the github user "aniketthakur". However, the username itself is in bad faith as [private] is one of the co-founders of the company and has never created a github repository.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."** 

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."** 

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

Yes, we have read the Github DMCS takedown notice

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

[private]  
Address: [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[private] on behalf of Esthenos Technologies Private Limited
