**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**     
I am. I operate as [private] within Cornerstone OnDemand (CSOD) and am acting to protect CSOD code.    
    
**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**     
The code is available in this location:     
https://github.com/schmookeeg/priorcode-csod     
This folder tree contains code created for Cornerstone OnDemand (CSOD) while the user, [private] was an employee for Cornerstone.     
The code consists of assets built while he worked for our Mobile team.    
    
**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**     
All files under this directory tree are the property of Cornerstone OnDemand (CSOD) and should be taken down:     
https://github.com/schmookeeg/priorcode-csod    
    
**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**     
We have conducted a cursory examination and have not identified any forks of this code.    
    
**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**     
CSOD code is not open source and is not licensed for open source usage.    
    
**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**     
The only course of action is the removal of all data here: https://github.com/schmookeeg/priorcode-csod     
The former employee should not have the code either, and is in violation of his NDA, and employee agreement by holding CSOD code after termination.    
    
**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**     
[private]    
    
**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**    
    
"I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."    
    
**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**    
    
"I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."    
    
**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**    
    
I have read the GitHub Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice, located at the following link, https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/ and the page was requested at July 1, 2019 10:52AM PST.    
    
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**    
    
Cell: [private]   
Address:     
[private]  
    
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**    
    
[private]
