**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**   
I am acting on behalf of the owner of the data

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Patient CT image data acquired in our hospital was given to a student for research purposes. The student published their code and the patient CT images they were processing. They did not have permission to publish the data.

The original source of the data appears to have originated from the user "[private]". This repository may have been made private after it was copied by other users. It should also be deleted if it still exists   
Two other branches of this code with the CT data appear at the following web addresses   
https://github.com/zoulianmp/varian_truebeam_mlc   
https://github.com/ethanio12345/Varian_TrueBeam_MLC

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**

https://github.com/zoulianmp/varian_truebeam_mlc   
https://github.com/ethanio12345/Varian_TrueBeam_MLC

https://github.com/ethanio12345/Varian_TrueBeam_MLC/blob/master/data/dicom_10-8_0-32-12.mhd   
https://github.com/ethanio12345/Varian_TrueBeam_MLC/blob/master/data/dicom_10-8_0-32-12.raw

https://github.com/zoulianmp/varian_truebeam_mlc/blob/master/data/dicom_10-8_0-32-12.mhd   
https://github.com/zoulianmp/varian_truebeam_mlc/blob/master/data/dicom_10-8_0-32-12.raw

if possible, the entire repository and all copies of the data the users have should be deleted .

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes. We have identified two repositories. Each repository appears to have 1 master branch with the infringing data.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

The data is not open source.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The patient CT images (and ideally, the entire repository) need to be deleted from all repositories and if the users have the data stored locally, it must be deleted.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**   
I was not able to find this information

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

I have read the Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**   
[private]  
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**   
[private]
