**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Code was written by [private] who at the time was working for Arxxus, engaged on a contract with the department of finance and innovation (DFSI) in the NSW government. DFSI was rebranded in 2019 as Department of Customer Service. As the [private] for BRD, SIRA and liquor and gaming I have responsibility for oversight of ICT matters for BRD, which includes the business areas that the code was written for.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The icare NSW IT Security team received a data leak alert notification from the UpGuard tool. It indicated a potential code exposure to a NSW government agency.
On further investigation of the repository, it was identified the affected organisation is ConstructionAssist (Currently Licencecheck) agency, which was a collaborative effort of NSW Fair Traiding, SafeWork NSW, and DFSI.
The code indicates that it was prepared for Salesforce CRM by Arxxus Technology, and it was exposed by one of their former employee name “[private]” in Apr 2018.
Git Repository URL: https://github.com/karanjkarpushkar/TESTARBASELINE  
https://github.com/karanjkarpushkar/TESTINGARVEV

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

Git Repository URL: https://github.com/karanjkarpushkar/TESTARBASELINE  
https://github.com/karanjkarpushkar/TESTINGARVEV

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

no

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

no it is not licensed

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Removal is required

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

[private] was identified in linkedin, he resides [private]. He has not responded to requests to remove the code

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
[private] SIRA and BRD ICT (incl Liquor, Gaming and Racing bodies)  

Digital.NSW and Customer Service ICT | Department of Customer Service  

[private]  
www.customerservice.nsw.gov.au   
Level 2, 92 – 100 Donnison Street  
Gosford NSW 2250  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]


