Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

Dazn Limited,  
[private]  
[private]  
Email ID: [private]  

To,  
GitHub, Inc.  
[private]  

Subject: DMCA Notice - Copyright Infringement on DAZN Content

Dear Copyright Team,

I am writing this letter on behalf of Dazn Limited, which is part of the Dazn group of companies (“DAZN”). DAZN is an over-the-top Subscription video streaming service. The service is dedicated to sports, offering live and on-demand streaming of events from various properties Worldwide (our Territories).

DAZN is the exclusive licensee of copyright in the audio-visual production of various live sporting content and events. It is also the creator of and thereby the owner of copyright in the original content created for DAZN (DAZN live linear channels) that have been infringed upon and hosted on your platform, pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA), 17 U.S.C. Section 512.

I have a good faith belief that the website(s) hosted by your service are infringing upon the exclusive rights owned by DAZN, specifically the rights protected by the Copyright Act, in violation of its provisions. 

Please find the below DAZN Homepage URL: 

https://www.dazn.com/

The unauthorized and infringing material can be found at the following URLs:

IP Address for below Domain is "[private]"

https://crimson-streaming.github.io/crimson/direct/dazn-1.html  
https://crimson-streaming.github.io/crimson/direct/dazn-2.html  
https://crimson-streaming.github.io/crimson/direct/dazn-3.html

The copyrighted work that has been infringed upon consists of DAZN live linear channel DAZN 2 for which DAZN has not authorized the use of its copyrighted material on the afore mentioned websites. The use of this material infringes upon the rights of the copyright owner under 17 U.S.C. Section 106.

I hereby request that you immediately take down and disable access to the infringing material or content, in accordance with the DMCA requirements. Furthermore, I request that you notify the infringing website owner of their legal obligations to cease and desist from infringing upon DAZN's copyrighted material.

I declare, under penalty of perjury, that the information provided in this notice is accurate to the best of my knowledge and that I am authorized to act on behalf of DAZN, the copyright owner of the infringed material.

Please provide me with a prompt response indicating the actions taken to remove or disable access to the infringing material.

Should you require any further information or clarification, please do not hesitate to contact me at the above-mentioned contact details.

Thank you for your attention to this matter.

Evidence (Screenshots of pirate content) has been added for your perusal.

 
Sincerely,
[private]  
[private]  
Tel : [private]  
DAZN Limited
