Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

My name is [private] ([private] at Rambus). Rambus is the exclusive rights holder for content that is appearing on your website.

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

This email is official notification under Section 512(c) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”), and I seek the immediate removal of the following infringing material from your servers.

Copyrighted work that is being infringent:  
On August 18, 2024, a ticket/request was submitted by a GitHub user requesting support for an unauthorized copy of code ([private]). The unauthorized copy of code relates to a Rambus PCIe5 controller driver which is proprietary, unpublished, and an actively licensed product.

Material that is infringing the copyrighted work above:  
https://github.com/chipsalliance/verible/issues/2238

[private]

Actions needed to remedy the infringement:  
Please remove the copy of the code located at:  [private]  
Please remove the ticket/request related to the unauthorized copy of the code: https://github.com/chipsalliance/verible/issues/2238  
 
My contact information:
[private] – [private] at Rambus
[private]
[private]

 Alleged infringer’s contact information:
The user that submitted the request on Github is “[private]” with user ID: https://github.com/17Reset. It is not clear if “[private]” is the user’s real name.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.  I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. 

Your help in this matter is greatly appreciated. 

Thank you,  
[private]  
[private] • Rambus  
[private]  
