Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

The library (module) and code that can be found in the link of the post you wish to report are copyrighted technologies of Korea Mobile Certification Co., Ltd., the company I work for, and only users who have signed a contract with Korea Mobile Certification Co., Ltd. can use our service by delivering the library (module) and source code. The post you are currently trying to report was posted by a user who does not have a contract with us.
I am making a request as a person in charge of Korea Mobile Authentication Service.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

ICERTSecu_JDK17 and ICERTSecu_JDK16 are libraries (modules) required to use the services of Korea Mobile Authentication Co., Ltd., and provide encryption services through the module and authentication services of Korea Mobile Authentication Co., Ltd. through related source codes.  
The post you are currently trying to report was posted by a user who does not have a contract with us, so we are requesting the removal of the module and related code accordingly.  
Korea Mobile Certification Co., Ltd. - https://www.kmcert.com

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

1. Exposed copyright infringement module URL:  
https://github.com/kej3nn/openAPI/blob/589098d8f0f0794af1c16cb02283dc77fb2aeab7/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/lib/ICERTSecu_JDK16.jar

2. Source URL related to exposed copyright infringement:  
https://github.com/kej3nn/openAPI/blob/589098d8f0f0794af1c16cb02283dc77fb2aeab7/src/main/java/egovframework/common/kmc/util/KMCCert.java#L16

3. Exposed copyright infringement module URL:  
https://github.com/kht1128/naksinuri/blob/7cb843994974c6d53031480a36bff633b2fc58cd/naksinuri/WebContent/WEB-INF/lib/ICERTSecu_JDK17.jar

4. Source URL related to exposed copyright infringement:  
https://github.com/kht1128/naksinuri/blob/7cb843994974c6d53031480a36bff633b2fc58cd/naksinuri/WebContent/WEB-INF/jsp/egovframework/all/auth/idtfyresult.jsp#L61

The above URLs are post URLs that post the library (module) and sample source provided only to users who have signed a contract with Korea Mobile Authentication Co., Ltd. on the GITHUB repository. ICERTSecu_JDK17.jar and ICERTSecu_JDK16.jar files are library files that encrypt and decrypt character strings copyrighted by Korea Mobile Authentication Co., Ltd., and are being posted and used without permission. In addition, the source and logic for encryption and decryption using the ICERTSecu_JDK16.jar library are written in KMCCert.java, and the source and logic for decryption using the ICERTSecu_JDK17.jar library are written in idtfyresult.jsp.  
These sources are KMC's own sources that allow the use of KMC's ICERTSecu library, and they are being published and used without permission.

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

Provision or use of our services to anyone other than those who have contracted with our services is prohibited. Unless you sign a contract with our service, we do not provide related libraries (modules) and service implementation sources. Additionally, even if you have signed a contract with our service, it is illegal to post content related to our work without permission in an open space such as GITHUB, so we may be held legally responsible.

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

Currently, it is unclear whether the defendant project has signed a contract with us, and it is presumed that a third party other than the current contracting party posted the post without permission, so Korea Mobile Certification Co., Ltd. may be held legally responsible for this.

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

No, but we will continue to look for repositories that post our work without permission.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

E-mail : [private]  
Tel :[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
