Note: Because the reported network that contained the allegedly infringing content was larger than one hundred (100) repositories, and the submitter alleged that all or most of the forks were infringing to the same extent as the parent repository, GitHub processed the takedown notice against the entire network of 157 repositories, inclusive of the parent repository.

---

Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am the [private] of the Neural Networks from Scratch book that's being hosted on this repo.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The original book can be purchased from https://nnfs.io. This is a paid book, but we offer heavily discounted copies and even free copies to those who request it, there's no need to pirate the book.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

specifically just the PDF, the chapter code can remain.  
https://github.com/Dev-Gaju/NNFS-book-with-Implementation/blob/master/Neural%20Networks%20from%20Scratch%20in%20Python.pdf

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

Every person gets a unique download URL and every legitimate copy of the NNFS book has unique identifiers that corresponds to the customer.

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

This version being hosted here is an early draft copy that people scraped and put together per-chapter to make 1 large PDF from when we were writing the book initially and sharing each chapter individually with customers in draft form. I am NOT accusing any of these particular repo owners of being the ones that did that circumvention, but this copy that continues to float around online is a circumvention and there's no need to pirate this book.

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

https://github.com/21sec/NNFS-book-with-Implementation/blob/master/Neural%20Networks%20from%20Scratch%20in%20Python.pdf  
https://github.com/Nigel-7/NNFS-book-with-Implementation/blob/master/Neural%20Networks%20from%20Scratch%20in%20Python.pdf  
https://github.com/srikrish2812/NNFS-book-with-Implementation/blob/master/Neural%20Networks%20from%20Scratch%20in%20Python.pdf

There are 145 total forks though, the rest are private, but these would still be infringing.  
Based on the representative number of forks I have reviewed, I believe that all or most of the forks are infringing to the same extent as the parent repository.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed. The PDFs should be removed.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
[private]  
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
