While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am the [private] and [private] of Velvet Client.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Velvet Client 1.18.12 is a PRIVATE Minecraft: Bedrock Edition modification which aims to enhance combat abilities of the user in-game. Our repository is hosted in [private], at this link: ([private]). It specifically tries to give a big boost to players in an Anarchy environment, where anything and everything is allowed, including similar combat-performance enhancing game modifications like Velvet. At the peak of its activity, Velvet was well known for its CrystalPlace module, which was significantly more accurate than the other similar CrystalAura modules of competing game modifications at the time.

Velvet was meant for experimental purposes, and was NEVER intended to be released. It is descended from another project, Horion Client, HOWEVER, Velvet contains significant original modifications and enhancements made by the Velvet Team, including but not limited to: CrystalPlacer/Breaker, AutoCity/CityESP, Server Disablers, Packet Miner. These modifications are protected under our team's copyright, and the unauthorized repository contains and distributes them without permission.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/Daveied/E

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

We have a username based authentication system designed so that only people with the correct username and password can use the mod in Minecraft Bedrock.

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

By releasing the source code, people can simply build the project without the authentication system in place.

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

No forks found

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

Yes

**Which license?**

Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International

**How do you believe the license is being violated?**

The accused repository in question, is an unauthorized copy of our work, entirely unaltered by the author of the repository. Since the owner of has made NO MODIFICATIONS, and it is COMPLETELY UNALTERED by its owner, it indicates that it is purely a COPY of our work and therefore constitutes unauthorized use of our code. It is distributing Velvet's work for free, without attribution, and for purposes that could potentially include commercial use, which violates the license terms.

Additionally, as written earlier, the accused repository distributes a copy of the Velvet team's enhancements to the Horion codebase, and the accused does not have permission to distribute them.

**What changes can be made to bring the project into compliance with the license? For example, adding attribution, adding a license, making the repository private.**

To bring the project into compliance, the repository must be removed. The Velvet team's original modifications to the Horion codebase are protected by copyright, and the unauthorized distribution of this code is a violation of our rights.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No contact.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
