Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

Yes

**Please provide the Zendesk ticket number of your previously submitted notice. Zendesk ticket numbers are 7 digit ID numbers located in the subject line or body of your confirmation email.**

3244336

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

As an employee of Zhongan Online Property Insurance Co., Ltd., [private] required by the company to request the removal of the source code containing our company name "zhongan" and related to our systems. The content in this repository has already posed data security and compliance risks to our company.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

I declare that the content alleged to be infringing includes the source code with our company's name "zhongan".  
1. "Zhongan" is our company's name and is included in various trademarks we own, which are protected by intellectual property rights. Unless permitted by the company, it should not be publicly released on any public platform. The repository "zhongan-master" was privately published on GitHub without the company's authorization and contains the source code related to our official website system.  
2.The repository named "zhongan-master" contains the source code related to our company's official website system(https://www.zhongan.com/), which poses a significant risk to the security of our official website system.  
3.The source code is internal and not publicly disclosed, so I am unable to provide a URL for its online publication.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

Repository： zhongan-master  
URL： https://github.com/insuranceproject/insurance/tree/master/zhongan-master

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

We have searched all branches of the allegedly infringing repository and have not found any other branches containing infringing content. Therefore, we are requesting the deletion of the repository(URL： https://github.com/insuranceproject/insurance/tree/master/zhongan-master).

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

mobile number：[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
