While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am an authorized representative of the copyright owner of the source code located at https://github.com/itcvmaster/electron-coaching-app. This work was created by Swift Media Entertainment/Blitz.gg and is protected under copyright law. We have the exclusive right to reproduce, distribute, and display this work, as well as to authorize others to do so. I have been given express permission by Swift Media Entertainment/Blitz.gg to act on their behalf in matters related to copyright infringement of this work.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The original copyrighted work is the Blitz App developed by Swift Media Entertainment/Blitz. This work includes video games stats tracking and may related unique features to enhance the gaming experience of Blitz App users.

The copyrighted material consists of Javascript code and was created by our [private] team over the course of 6 years and represents a significant investment of time, resources, and intellectual property.

The original source code is not publicly available online due to its proprietary nature. However, we maintain secure internal documentation and version control systems that can verify our ownership and the work's originality, that you can verify here: [private]

This copyrighted work is essential to our business operations and contains trade secrets and other confidential information. Its unauthorized distribution poses a significant threat to our competitive advantage and intellectual property rights.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

This repository: https://github.com/itcvmaster/electron-coaching-app

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

Access to our source code is limited to SME/Blitz employees and contractors by invitation to our “[private]” [private] organization.

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

itcvmaster ([private]) was a previous contractor and uploaded our proprietary code from their machine to their public github repository.

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, we did not find any forks.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

[private]  
[private]  
[private]  

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
[private]  
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
