**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?** 

Yes

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The copyright work being infringed is using illegally-obtained, decompiled source code of an exclusively-digital/online video game, Throne of LiesⓇ, by Imperium42, LLC. The main location for this game is via the following URL:

https://store.steampowered.com/app/595280

Furthermore, due to illegally-obtained decompiled code access, the user used "Anti-Circumvention Technology" to gain access to such copyrighted content.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**

The following two URL's contain copyrighted content within these files owned by Imperium42, LLC:

https://github.com/jabbink/Gauge-Boson/blob/master/src/main/kotlin/ink/abb/gaugeBoson/handlers/throneoflies/ThroneOfLies.kt

https://github.com/jabbink/Gauge-Boson/blob/master/src/main/kotlin/ink/abb/gaugeBoson/handlers/throneoflies/AllClasses.kt

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.** 

No forks.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

There is no open source license for the aforementioned Throne of LiesⓇ content, whereas the user is publicly hosting the copyrighted content licensed as MIT without permission.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

At minimum, the above-mentioned two files should be removed immediately and permanently and cease operations on anything relating to Throne of LiesⓇ. Since the sole purpose of this repository is actively being used by the host for malicious (and not educational) purposes, ideally, the entire repository should be permanently removed. To clarify, removal means "destroyed" -- not simply made private.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:** 

Yes, however limited to two forms of contact:

[private]  
[private]

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

Imperium42, LLC   
[private]   
[private]  
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:** 

[private], [private] of Imperium42, LLC
