**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**  
authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf 
   
**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
1. One colleague of our Company, with his username of “[private]” registered with GITHUB, has uploaded one set of the Codebase (the “Leaked Codebase”, see below the screenshot) developed by our Company onto GITHUB without the permission of our Company.    
2.	After awareness of such non-compliance uploading and leakage, our Company had asked him to delete the relevant information as well as the Codebases from GITHUB ASAP and he had deleted the same upon our request.    
3.	However, our software engineers found that the abovementioned four users from GITHUB has copied such Leaked Codebase (whose copyright is owned by our Company) and has been publishing on their user pages until now. Such act has been infringing the copyright of such Leaked Codebase owned by us.    
4.	In order to prove that we are the owner of the copyright of such Leaked Codebase, we have attached a Certificate of Copyright issued by the competent authority in our jurisdiction, pursuant to which it indicates that our Company owns a domain name of “Qukan”. You may be aware of from the below screenshot that the wording “Qukan” is also contained in certain paragraphs of the Leaked Codebase, which we understand shall be able to prove our ownership on the copyright of such Leaked Codebase.    
5.	As you may also be aware and may check with your software engineers/colleagues, you may find that the wording “Qukan” is contained in the Codebases published by Rain0193, carachen, Dirkzhao and wanglihui, which is able to prove their infringement acts.    
  
   
**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:** 
1.	Rain0193：https://github.com/Rain0193/ApiTestTools    
2.	carachen：https://github.com/carachen/ApiTestTools    
3.	DirkZhao：https://github.com/DirkZhao/ApiTestTools    
4.	wanglihui：https://github.com/wanglihui/ApiTestTools    
  
   
**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down**  
yes.1.	Rain0193：https://github.com/Rain0193/ApiTestTools    
2.	carachen：https://github.com/carachen/ApiTestTools    
3.	DirkZhao：https://github.com/DirkZhao/ApiTestTools    
4.	wanglihui：https://github.com/wanglihui/ApiTestTools   
   
**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?** 
*NO*   
   
**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**  
*please remove*   
   
**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
*NO*     
   
**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  
*I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.*   
   
**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  
*I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed*   
   
**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
*YES*   
   
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
[private]  
   
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
*Shanghai Jifen Culture Communications co.,Ltd staff [private]*
