**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**   
Yes, I am an employee of NAVER corp, whose copyrighted content has been forked without authorization.  
  
**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**   
The original copyrighted work is NAVER corp's active project, which is not open source, private, and licensed under Naver corp.   
(URL: https://oss.navercorp.com/booking)   
This particular repository's visibility was set to public for a short period of time a few years ago. We assume that the forking process happened then.  
  
**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**   
three entire repositories in total: one forked from the original repo, two forked from the forked repo   
https://github.com/daebok/N_book   
https://github.com/8secz-johndpope/N_book   
https://github.com/neko1072/N_book  
  
**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**   
Yes, I have. They are as shown in the previous answer.  
  
**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**   
No, the work is not licensed under open source license. It is private property of NAVER corp.  
  
**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**   
The repositories should be deleted completely, as they should not be able to be accessed from outside NAVER corp.  
  
**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**   
No, I do not have contact information of the alleged infringers.  
  
**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**   
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.  
  
**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**   
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  
  
**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**   
I have read the Guide to Submitting a DCMA Takedown Notice.  
  
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**   
Cell phone number (South Korea): [private]    
Physical Address: NAVER Green Factory, [private]    
  
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**   
[private]    
