**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**

copyright owner

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Because I am not very familiar with the use of github, I don't know if I can build a new private repository. A few days ago, I made my own repository catkin_ws public. But recently it has been discovered that some of the classified technologies involved in schools. So I deleted my repository and rebuilt a private repository. But a user named chrisxiha has fork my repository.  

His repository address is https://github.com/chrisxiha/catkin_ws.

I have deleted the old open repository and the new private repository address is [private].

Because I have deleted the old repository, I can't provide forked certificate, but you can see my GitHub activity record specifically.

I can't delete it. It involves the school's technical secrets. Please delete his catkin_ws repository here.  
Thanks

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**

https://github.com/chrisxiha/catkin_ws

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

yes

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

i don't know

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

 I deleted my repository and rebuilt a private repository. But a user named chrisxiha has fork my repository.
 
**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**

no

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

yes

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

[private] or [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[private]
