To whom it may concern,   
   
We are authorized to act on behalf of Shell Brands International AG. Shell Brands International AG manages, develops, promotes, and commercially exploits the trademarks, brands, and other brand-related assets of the Royal Dutch Shell Group of companies (collectively “Shell”) internationally.   
   
Shell is the owner of several trademarks, inter alia the word mark SHELL, and the SHELL Pecten Device Mark (the “SHELL Trademarks”). Shell has registered the SHELL Trademarks for a range of goods and services throughout the world, including, but not limited to lubricants, oils and greases.   
   
These registrations give Shell the exclusive right to use the SHELL Trademarks in relation to the goods and services for which they are registered. No one is authorized to commercially use the SHELL Trademarks without the express written permission of Shell.   
   
Shell is also the copyright owner or licensee of assets, including text, products, pictures, programming, audio-visual recordings, and logos on the website www.shell.com and other websites operated by businesses within the Shell group, such as www.coralenergy.ch.   
   
Recently it has come to our attention that a Github user (github.com/krvrd) uploaded on his repository(https://github.com/krvrd/oil_map) an excel file (https://github.com/krvrd/oil_map/blob/master/Database%20for%20future/Oil%20Refineries%20-%20Europe.xlsx) which contains Information about the European oil refineries    
with the watermark of (Shell subsidiary) Coral Energy, LLC. This content is copyright protected and no one can use it without Shell's authorization.   
   
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by Shell, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.    
This constitutes copyright infringement.   
   
Therefore, on behalf of Shell, we request that you remove this material within three (3) calendar days of the date of receipt of this notification.   
   
This letter is not a complete statement of Shell’s rights in connection with this matter, and nothing contained herein constitutes an express or implied waiver of any right, remedy, or defence in connection with this matter, all of which are expressly reserved.   
   
The information in this notification is accurate, and we declare under penalty of perjury, that we are authorized by Shell to act on its behalf.   
   
On behalf of Shell    
Pointer Brand Protection & Research    
[private]  
[private] | Phone: [private] | [private]  
