**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**   
Yes

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**   
This is the source code and API keys for flugy.com. A disgruntled developer we hired on [private] stole our code and published it out of spite.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**   
https://github.com/FreelanceCodePro/flugy-dev

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**   
Yes, I did not find any forks.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**   
No, this is our private, copyrighted code.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**   
It must be removed. Our private IP and API keys were published without our consent.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**   
His name is [private], we hired him on [private] as a freelancer. He failed to deliver the product we hired him to do so we canceled the contract, and out of revenge, he stole our code and our API keys and published them publicly. We have contacted upwork's legal department and they will be getting us all his personal data.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

Yes, I have read it.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

[private]. [private]. [private] company which owns the copyright is Kizoto LLC. 1474 Ashford, San Juan, Puerto Rico

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**   
[private]  
Kizoto, LLC
