**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**

The copyright owner NEEDA FZ LLC is a company owned and operate by [private]: [private]. I'm using my personal github account to submit this request but I'm also reachable via: [private] as well as via [private]

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Dear github, I'm the copyright holder (NEEDA FZ LLC) of two sourcecode repositories publicized by: https://github.com/denisrabenok

These are works done by NEEDA FZ LLC on behalf of https://fcvictory.com/ This person is listing both the react native app sourcecode as well as the golang backend and website repository. All of which clearly states the copyright ownership. NEEDA FZ LLC is a company registered in the Fujairah Media Freezone in the United Arab Emirates.

We were informed about this sourcecode by our email gateway which temporarily deactivate our API credentials. Screenshot of the email attached here:

[private]

This person posted our sourcecode complete with our copyright notice.

Here is the reference for the copyright notice that he didn't even bother to remove.

https://github.com/denisrabenok/victory_frontend_golang/blob/a3680c2961bcb210f82eea0e692b1ea633e03bac/victory-frontend/LICENSE

The consultancies website is: http://softwarehouse.io/ our clients website is: https://fcvictory.com/

I've added a screenshot of the original git commit on "Wed Apr 11 11:28:42 2018 +0400" to this request.

[private]

This github repository represents an earlier development version of our works.   
Further to this, an early version of a Dockerfile containing sensitive information is part of this repository located here: https://github.com/denisrabenok/victory_frontend_golang/blob/a3680c2961bcb210f82eea0e692b1ea633e03bac/victory-frontend/Dockerfile

In it my clients address and test gateway credentials are listed, below see one example:

[private]  

I have reason to believe that a subcontractor illegally kept our sourcecode and now posted it to github.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**

The backend and website sourcecode:   
- https://github.com/denisrabenok/victory_frontend_golang

The iOS and Android react native app sourcecode:   
- https://github.com/denisrabenok/victory_soccer_shopping_react_native

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

I've searched for forks but haven't found any yet.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

This person has no right to the sourcecode and we will investigate possible legal recurse.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**

Unfortunately I don't.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Take 
down Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

Yes, I've read the Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

My phone number is [private], the UAE postal service works via POBoxes, please send any further post to NEEDA FZ LLC, [private].

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[private]
