** Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner? ** 

I own the codes and files, including the full repository.

  ** Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work allegedly infringed. If possible, include a URL where it is posted online. **
  
Http://flyfilmes.netlify.com I edited the content but still have the original that was created in my android editor (SPCK EDITOR)

  ** What files should be removed? Provide URLs for each file or, if the entire repository, the repository URL: ** 
  
https://github.com/ethnoon4/Porn---

  ** Have you searched for forks of allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a separate repository and should be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and want it removed. ** 
  
Yes

  ** Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which license is open source? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license or are they violating the license? **

  ** What would be the best solution to the alleged violation? Are there specific changes the other person can make besides removal? Can the repository be private? **
  
No, unfortunately my intention in creating the repository was not to share, not at this time, but for a discussion I forgot to deprive before.

  ** Do you have the contact information of the alleged infringer? If so, please provide it: **

  ** Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law. fair use. "** 
  
I have a good faith belief that the use of the copyrighted materials described above on infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law. considered fair use.

  ** Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information contained in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf. that is allegedly being infringed. "**
  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information contained in this notice is accurate and that I am the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf. an exclusive right that is allegedly being infringed.

  ** Please confirm that you have read our Guide to submit a DMCA Removal Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/** 
  
Yes, I read.

  ** To allow us to contact you, please provide your telephone number or physical address: ** 
  
[private]  
[private]

  ** Please enter your full legal name below to sign this order: ** 
  
[private]
