July 29, 2019

 

By Electronic Mail

 

GitHub, Inc

Attn: DMCA Agent

88 Colin P Kelly Jr St

San Francisco, CA. 94107

copyright@github.com

 

Re: CRANE PAYMENT INNOVATIONS, INC.’S DMCA TAKE DOWN NOTICE

 

Dear DMCA Agent:

 

I am [private] for Crane Co., parent company of Crane Payment Innovations, Inc. (“CPI” or “Copyright Owner”), the owner of certain copyright protected software identified below, which has been posted to GitHub.com without license. Please direct all future correspondence related to this matter to me.

 

We hereby provide notice of copyright infringement pursuant to the terms of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the “Act”).

 

Copyright Owner is the owner of copyrights in the following works (the “Work”):

a) Control firmware configured to operate within CPI devices

 

It has come to Copyright Owner’s attention that your repositories located at the following clickable links:

https://github.com/VadymL/PythonGeneric/tree/master/gx_project_file_replacement

https://github.com/VadymL/PythonGeneric/tree/master/in_file_replacement/code

(the “Service”) display and provides access to Copyright Owner’s Works without license and thereby infringes Copyright Owner’s copyrights in the Works. The repositories include at least 406 links including CPI copyright notices.

 

We have a good faith belief that the use of the Works in the material described in this letter is not authorized by Copyright Owner, any agent of Copyright Owner, or any applicable law. The information in this notification is accurate. We swear under penalty of perjury that we are authorized to act on behalf of Copyright Owner with respect to the subject matter of this letter.

 

We therefore request that you remove or disable access to the infringing material as set forth in Section 512(c)(1)(C) of the Act and pursuant to your Copyright Policy and terms of service.

 

Please contact the undersigned no later than one week from the date of this letter to confirm that the infringing material has been removed or access disabled, and to the extent possible that all cached versions or materials archived on the internet similarly have been removed or disabled. The undersigned may be contacted at the address and email address set forth above.

 

The above is not an exhaustive statement of all the relevant facts and law. We expressly reserve all legal and equitable rights and remedies.

 

Sincerely,

/s/[private]

 

--------------------------------------------

Regards,

[private]

 

[private] | [private] | Crane Co. | 100 First Stamford Place, Stamford, CT 06902

(O) [private] | [private]
