Pursuant to 17 USC 512(c)(3)(A), this communication serves as a statement that:   
I am the duly authorized representative of the exclusive rights holder for the copyrighted material being infringed. My contact information is as follows:   
   
[private]     
Lyft, Inc.    
185 Berry Street, Suite 5000    
San Francisco, CA 94107    
[private]   
   
The copyrighted work that is being infringed is a copyrighted photograph owned by Lyft, Inc. of three people in a Lyft ride with the Lyft amp visible on the dashboard.   
   
Lyft’s exclusive rights are being violated by the unauthorized posting of Lyft’s content at ridesharecodes.net, a website hosted by Github. The infringing material can be found at the following url: ridesharecodes.net.   
   
Upon information and belief, your user or customer, the operator of the infringing website, is using Lyft’s original and copyright-protected content without authorization and in a manner likely to and intended to deceive. This conduct is prohibited by Lyft’s Terms of Service and moreover is an infringing use of Lyft’s copyrighted content. Accordingly, the content is not being used for a legitimate or fair use.    
I have a good faith belief that the use of the copyrighted work is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.   
   
I certify that the information contained in this notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury in a United States court of law, that I am authorized to act on behalf of the holder of the exclusive rights to the material in question.   
   
I hereby request that you remove or disable access to this infringing material as soon as possible. Thank you.   
   
Sincerely,    
/[private]/   
