I am authorised to act on behalf of Woodside Energy Ltd.  
  
I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.  
  
Woodside found this Woodside code on Github in July 2019. The code was posted on Github in 2017. It was posted by a developer who was working for Tata Consulting Services (TCS) as part of our development team for the Woodside project OPAM.  
  
TCS cannot contact their employee who uploaded the data and the person is no longer employed by TCS. We have also extensively searched for this person but have failed to find them.  
  
This code is copyrighted to Woodside as we specifically set up the project team through TCS to deliver the OPAM project, therefore any work that was done by them belongs to Woodside. This is supported by all of the references to Woodside in the code that was uploaded onto GitHub.  
  
Although this code was for a functional purpose, the developer in question was not directed to code in any certain way and therefore used their own creativity to create this code. As the developer was working directly on the Woodside project OPAM, the code on Github is copyrighted to Woodside.  
  
Due to company confidentiality we are unable to send you any contractual documents relating to the OPAM project.  
  
We would like you to take down this code as it is the property of Woodside and should never have been uploaded to Github.  
  
Here is the link to the repository that we would like taken down:   
https://github.com/Navinkumar95/FirstApp/tree/master/OPAM-Win  
  
We have searched for any forks on Github but have not been able find any.  
  
This work is not open source.  
  
The best solution to this issue is for Github to take down the repository.  
  
We have been unable to contact the individual after repeated attempts.  
  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.  
  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  
  
I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.  
  
Please contact me through my email address or [private]. [private] Woodside Headquarters in Perth at:     
11 Mount St   
Perth WA   
Australia  
  
[private]
