To whom it may concern,
This is [private], working in a p2p/crowdfunding solution web agency as a developer.  
I am responsible for this source code leak accident.  
The purpose of this email is to submit a DMCA notice.  
Please check the contents below.

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

1) Identify the copyrighted work you believe has been infringed.  
  - This repository includes the main source code of my company's main product.   
    https://github.com/ggubara/shiftup
    
2) Identify the material that you allege is infringing the copyrighted work listed in item #2, above.  
  - This content was leaked by formal developer who worked as a team leader, copied and uploaded on his repo without any authorization.  
    The content named "class-WP-RestfulAPI.php" is recently deleted but as the url below, still showing by the diff.
    https://github.com/ggubara/shiftup/commit/1db0bc3f469ceb8e5647436c0f66f4680d7e91fa   
    Because of this leak, out company has exposed a lot of security weaknesses of our product (solution).  
    This product is current running on many p2p/crowdfunding web sites. ( our clients )  
    We have to re-program this whole part immediately because of the exposes of the programic datas.

3) Explain what the affected user would need to do in order to remedy the infringement.  
  - https://github.com/ggubara/shiftup - The entire repo should be takedown and the  codes must be completely removed.

4) Provide your contact information.  
  - email : [private]  
  - name : [private]  
  - phone : [private]  
  - address : [private]

5) Provide contact information, if you know it, for the alleged infringer.  
  - email : [private]  
  - phone : [private] 

6) Include the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."  
  - I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

7) Also include the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."  
  - I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

8) Include your physical or electronic signature.   
  - [private]


The content of this leaked codes are not under any open source license and all rights reserved.  
My company is preparing for a trial. This takedown notice is going to be a very important solution for this situation. And also can be used as main evidence.  
I look forward to hearing from you.  
Please keep in mind that this is kinda urgent matter.  
Best.  

-- 

[private]
