I'm representing the copyright owner and am authorized to act on copyright owner's behalf. The original copyright work is not available online because it is a private content and it was not suppose to be available online. I have searched for forks of the repositories and it seems that there is no other repositories with the same content besides the ones listed below.

The following repositories should be taken down:  
- https://github.com/neris-devops/icatu  
- https://github.com/neris-devops/IcatuProjeto

The original work is not under any open source license because is it not an open source work, however the infringing repository *IcatuProjeto* is under MIT license. Therefore, I will inform the official website of the copyright:
http://portal.icatuseguros.com.br

The best solution for the alleged infringement is the complete removal of the repository.

I do not have the infringer's contact information.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

I have read and understand Github's to Filing a DMCA Notice.

Name: [private]  
Role: Threat Intelligence Consultant  
E-mail: [private]  
Phone: [private]

Italtel Brasil  
[private]  
[private]    
[private]  

