**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**

Acting on their behalf.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The URLs presented below are collections of resources produced while working on behalf of VF Corporation and contain various information such as site source code and login credentials for accounts used in the operation of services owned or operated on behalf of VF Corporation.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**

[private]  

[private]  

[private]  

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

We have looked, and found nothing else today.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

We do not understand any of this content to be distributed under an open source license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

We did not allow any of this information to be posted on our behalf so removal is appropriate.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**

We do not at this time have their contact information.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

I have read the Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice as provided in the link above.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

I can be reached at [private] via my work mobile phone.

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[private]  
 

Kind Regards,

 

[private]  

[private]  

VF Corporation

Office: [private]  

Email: [private]  
