Hello dear GitHub:

I am [private]. It is nice to be able to use GitHub such a professional and efficent platfrom,and now I have a need to be very hopefully able to get Github's support and resolution.

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to filling a DMCA notice.

I created a Repository called "yiran" in "GitHub" last year,We found that some code could not be open source. Later found that before We have turned this project into a private project,the user name tonyshen277 completely forked our entire Repository,and it still exists,and worse, I couldn't contact him.

The following is GitHub's URL and Screenshots about our forked Repository:

Since,"yiran" contains the company's important source code,algorithm and system configuration information,belonging to the company's internal data assets,so I hope Github as soon as possible to help us completely remove https://github.com/tonyshen277/yiran and thank you very much.

The following is my contact information:

email:[private]  
telephone:[private]

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner,or its agent,or the law.I have taken fair usr into consideration.

I swear,under penalty of perjury.that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner,or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner,of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Hoping for your reponse,and thanks angin.

Thanks  
[private]
