**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Authorized Agent. We are allowed to act and represent Yes Bank on their behalf

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Application of Yes Bank and Stock Quote API of Yes Bank uploaded in Github, where the user is making it look like that the Yes Bank is open-source which is NOT

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/mishab04/yesbank  
https://github.com/mishab04/yesbank/blob/master/bank_app.py  
https://github.com/mishab04/yesbank/blob/master/Yes%20Bank.zip  
https://github.com/mishab04/yesbank/blob/master/Stock%20Prediction.zip

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, this is the master

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No! Not an open-source license. This is private property.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Delete the repository or stop referencing Yes Bank. Developers usually copy code structures but referencing it to the brand while copying the code is a clear Copyright violation, which is obvious.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

None, he is uncontactable outside. Only on Github

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private] [private]  
[private]  
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
