COMPLAINT  
FOR COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT  
  
Dear Designated Agent:  
  
In accordance to The Berne Convention for the Protection of Literary and Artistic Works as of September 9, 1886 (“Berne Convention”), under the regulation of The Directive on Copyright in the Digital Single Market as of April 17, 2019 (“Directive 2019/790”) and The Digital Millennium Copyright Act as of October 12, 1998 (“DMCA”), Plarium Global Ltd. provides the following information:  
  
1. [private] that was authorized by Plarium Global Ltd. as a right holder. The main office of Plarium Global Ltd. located at 2 Abba Eban Boulevard, 4672520 Herzlia, Israel  
2. The game belongs to the composition, in which such elements are separately protected: visual / graphic components (images, skins, advertising posters, etc.), audio files developed by the Company or the right to which the Company acquired, elements of game mechanics, original features game processes.  
3. Trademark that was registered in International Trademark register # 1200918  – “SPARTA WAR OF EMPIRES”  
4. This site https://control-attack.github.io is infringing our copyrights using worldwide knowing register trade mark and unique gaming content which has been creating Plarium Global Ltd. employees, without any legal grounds or permission from Plarium Global Ltd.. Moreover, they illegally interfere with the operation of electronic computing equipment thereby disrupting the operation of game mechanics and misleading our users.  
5. This letter is official notification under Section 512(c) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. I seek the removal of the infringing material referenced above. Please take note as a service provider, the Digital Millennium Copyright Act requires you, to remove or disable access to the infringing materials upon receipt of this notice.  
6. The Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act (“OCILLA”) grants service providers such as your company immunity from liability so long as investigate and rectify this copyright violation in a timely manner. Should your company fail to do so, it may become liable for the infringement.  
7. I, as authorized person by Plarium Global Ltd. make the statement that I have a good faith belief that use of the disputed material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law;  
8. I, as authorized person by Plarium Global Ltd. make the statement that the information in the complaint is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that I am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  
9. Please remove and disable all access to the aforementioned copyrighted work immediately.  
10. Links on original gaming content:  
https://company.plarium.com/en/browser/sparta-war-of-empire/  
https://company.plarium.com/en/mobile/soldiers-inc-mobile-warfare/  
https://company.plarium.com/en/browser/nords/  
  
Digital signature: [private]   
