**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am [private] of graphics being redistributed by one repository.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

A graphical representation of a helicopter aircraft which is an original work, and was imported into a readable format for a game engine.

An original sprite for a cursor which is an original work, which I converted into a readable format for use in a game engine.

https://github.com/KOYK/OpenRA-Tiberian-Dawn-Apolyton/blob/master/mods/tda/data/mouse_apolyton2.shp  
https://github.com/KOYK/OpenRA-Tiberian-Dawn-Apolyton/blob/master/mods/tda/data/osprey.shp

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/MlemandPurrs/cncall/blob/master/mods/cncall/bits/mouse_apolyton2.shp

https://github.com/MlemandPurrs/cncall/blob/master/mods/cncall/bits/aircraft/cncv22.shp

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, this repository is not a fork of my repository, so this question does not apply.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

This original work is released under the GPL license, which requires users to attribute authorship. This authorship is not attributed in the readme or credits file in their Github repository.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The author was notified of the need to give me (my handle) credit for the two graphic items released in their repository. They have not done so in Github, which is where their files are distributed. Therefore, either credit should be given to me for this contribution, or the files should be removed from the repository.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

Discord: [private]

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
