**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I, the undersigned, state UNDER PENALTY OF PERJURY that:

[1] I am a person injured, or an agent authorized to act on behalf of a person injured by a violation of the U.S. Copyright laws, in particular section 501 of Title 17 of the United States Code, commonly referred to as the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, or “DMCA”;

[2] I May Be Contacted At:

Name of Injured Party: APPLE INC.  
Name and Title: [private]  
Company: KILPATRICK TOWNSEND & STOCKTON LLP  
Address: THE GRACE BUILDING, 1114 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS  
City, State, and Zip: NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10036  
Email Address: [private]  
Telephone: [private]  
Fax: [private]  

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

[3] The copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed is Apple’s beta software released at its 2020 Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC), including its proprietary iOS 14 beta, iPadOS 14 beta, watchOS 7 beta, tvOS 7 beta, and macOS 11 Big Sur beta (collectively, the “Beta Software”). The Beta Software is only available to members of the Apple Developer Program and can be found at https://developer.apple.com/download/;

[4] I have a good faith belief that the content below is unlawful under these laws because, among other things, it reproduces and offers to distribute copies of Apple’s Beta Software without authorization;

[5] Reason:
Content Type: Literary Work (Apple’s Beta Software)
Violation(s): Copyright Infringement

[6] Please act expeditiously to remove the content found at the following URLs:

https://zhangyoufu.github.io/macOS/

[7] I have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and

[8] The information in this notice is accurate.

Thank you for your kind assistance.

Truthfully,

/[private]/

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://zhangyoufu.github.io/macOS/

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

N/A

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

The Beta Software is only available to members of the Apple Developer Program and can be found at https://developer.apple.com/download/;

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The software needs to be removed.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Name of Injured Party: APPLE INC.  
Name and Title: [private]  
Company: KILPATRICK TOWNSEND & STOCKTON LLP  
Address: THE GRACE BUILDING, 1114 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS  
City, State, and Zip: NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10036  
Email Address: [private]    
Telephone: [private]  
Fax: [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
