Greetings to all, who are concerned.
 
I am authorized to act on behalf of the copyright holder BATTLESTATE GAMES LIMITED. I have read and understand GitHub’s Guide to Filling a DMCA Notice: https://help.github.com/en/github/site-policy/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice.

Our project is "Escape from Tarkov", official site: https://www.escapefromtarkov.com/.  
Our game is not licensed under an open source license therefore we are having reason to believe that any decoding, disassembling of program code is prohibited by the EULA (paragraphs 4.2.1, 4.2.2, 4.2.3, 4.2.5 and 4.2.6).   
 
This link contains counterfeit materials related to our software:  
https://github.com/B74nk/EFT-Clients
 
The following materials contain a repository with links to download different game clients. Users do not have right to distribute the game or copies thereof for commercial or non-commercial purposes either by distributing material carriers with it or by posting it on the Internet for provision of access thereto and (or) downloading by specific persons or an unlimited range of persons without the written permission of the Battlestate Games Limited. Such actions are prohibited by EULA and infriged our copyright.
 
Our code is compiled and protected by obfuscation and other protective measures. We consider any decompilation, deobfuscation and modification of code infringe our intellectual property rights. "Escape from Tarkov" is protected by channel encryption, anti-cheat, BattlEye and other security measures. We guarantee all these measures were specifically developed to the users have not any opportunity to modify the source code or to damage the game. 
 
We require the removal of these files from public access at all.
The placement of these materials causes financial damage to the BATTLESTATE GAMES LIMITED. The persons who posted the indicated materials act in a criminal way violating the EULA copyright and the rules of the DMCA.
 
Here is our contact information:
BATTLESTATE GAMES LIMITED
Wework Spitalfield, 1, Primrose St, London, United Kingdom, EC2A 2EX
 
Unfortunately we do not have the contact details of the offender.
 
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
 
 
-- 
Sincerely,  
[private]  
Legal Counsel  
 
BATTLESTATE GAMES LIMITED  
Wework Spitalfield, 1, Primrose St, London, United Kingdom, EC2A 2EX
 
