**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I created, own, and maintain the softwares which was illegally decompiled and leaked, so I hold copyright ownership of all the code found on this user's GitHub repository, which is why I'm requesting it to be fully removed/deleted.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

This user's GitHub repository is a decompiled program and leaked code from our customers that I own and created called Auth.GG.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

Files:  
https://github.com/authgg/Auth.GG-Leaked-CPP-Source  
https://github.com/authgg/Auth.GG-Cracked-HashChecker

Accounts:  
https://github.com/authgg/

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

There are no forks, the user illegally decompiled my program, then uploaded on GitHub. You cannot find any of this code anywhere else on GitHub.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No, the work is NOT open source. This is a program I created with intentions to license to my users. My terms of service found at the bottom of the description on my product https://auth.gg/tos listing here prohibit any reverse engineering, such as cracking, or in this case, decompiling the program to the source code.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The only solution I will accept is deletion of the GitHub repository in its entirety and the account itself. All of the code is stolen and this user is trying to blackmail Auth.GG. If you read the description of the GitHub repository, it even explains that [private] leaked my program's source, because [private] doesn't like that I am selling it and [private] is promoting another service. So, again, I will not tolerate code being stolen and put on GitHub, I request that this is removed, and if possible that the code is blacklisted from being uploaded again and the user to be deleted as it is a fake account made to defame Auth.GG. I also request that the user is deleted so our official developer team can acquire the username as it is in a malicious users ownership at the moment.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

I do not know who this is, it is a competitor that is attempting to defame Auth.GG well being with the account and repositories. This user is also blackmailing/extorting my developers and is attempting to sell the github.com/authgg username to us or he will extort us which is against github tos as he has stolen our copyrighted brand name and has changed the colors of my logo into the LGBTQ flag to make fun of our service.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
