**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice. The copyrighted work is www.kytch.com. Kytch.com is a site where users can create accounts, then setup a kitchen and add a product from their kitchen to control remotely. Users can also create subscription to the services to remotely control their equipment. The code for this website is proprietary.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The URL of the original content is at www.kytch.com. We keep a private repository of our code at [private]. Comparing our code to that of the user "webdatavisualdev" indicates that it's an exact match.  

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**  

To remedy the situation the entire repository located at https://github.com/webdatavisualdev/kytch must be removed.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

None noted.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No, it is not licensed. It's unclear who this user is. We have had contractors work on our code base but ALL have signed strict non-disclosure agreements. Sharing any of our materials is a clear breach. This user even links our website to his code, indicating that he/she has built the components for this website. However, we have NEVER provided anyone with the authority to reveal the code of kytch.com.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

No, the entire repository must be deleted.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

We're unaware of who this person specifically is, but see the email [private] associated with their github account.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Kytch, Inc.  
3327 Seldon Court  
Fremont, CA 94539  

Business Phone: [private] / Personal # [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
