**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Dataiku is a software company, the core product - DSS software can be purchased under a licence. Big parts (almost all) of source code one of the versions of the DSS was copied to Github's public repository.. As a [private] in Dataiku I was authorized by the [private] of the company - [private] to submit this takedown notice.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

A version of our software (DSS) is installed in the infginging repository. The owner of the repository continues to use it, there’s a link to DSS installation, and the files are very similar to one of the versions of our software. The infringing software can be found here: https://github.com/GusWan58/IDA
Additionally, a reference to our company Dataiku, which is the IP owner of the software, was actively removed https://github.com/GusWan58/IDA/commit/a8deafe14e684a7e1c899818a9df9862a7a0389c

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The whole repository: https://github.com/GusWan58/IDA

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

There are no known public forks

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The best solution would be to remove the whole repository. The repository should not be made private. There are no other changes that should be made apart from removal of the whole repository.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
