**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
  
Yes, I am the copyright holder.  
  
**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**  
  
We are a private company and we keep our entire development stack in git repositories that are now posted publicly on github by a previous employee.  
  
**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
  
A previous employee of our company (Jak, registered in Saudi Arabia) has decided to publicly post the entire code repository of Jak. This includes our access / API keys and other sensitive information, in addition to our propriatorey algorithms and such.  
  
The repository here: https://github.com/light-fury/Jak-Backend/  
  
**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**  
  
The entire repository https://github.com/light-fury/Jak-Backend/  
  
His contribution to the repository is minor. And you can check the full commits of the repository - none of them belong to the user.  
  
**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
  
Not entirely. We got notified of it through Google API keys notice for a publicly published key.  
  
**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
  
No.  
  
**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**  
  
The removal of the entire repository.  
  
**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**  
  
Yes:  
[private]  
  
This is also his original Github account: [private]  

It seems he created a new repository specifically to showcase the work as his own.  
  
Note: we have already emailed him and asked him to remove it, but we were ignored. Here's the exact email we sent:  
  
[private]  
  
**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**  
  
**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**  
  
**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**  
  
**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**  
  
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**  
  
[private]  
  
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**  
  
[private]  
