While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am the [private] of the script in question, titled "Kidnapping v2.1" which was posted on the forum at https://forum.cfx.re/t/standalone-kidnapping-v2-1/5157954. [private] have full and exclusive rights to this script and its associated content.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

This is [private] release on the forum: https://forum.cfx.re/t/standalone-kidnapping-v2-1/5157954. Almost every scripter who releases a paid script does so on this forum, just as [private] did.

I can provide proof that someone has posted [private] script without [private] permission and even copied [private] description. To verify this, you can compare [private] original post at https://forum.cfx.re/t/standalone-kidnapping-v2-1/5157954/3 with the description on their GitHub repository, and you'll see that it's an exact match, as shown in this screenshot: [private].

[private] original intention was to create and sell scripts, and discovering [private] work on GitHub without [private] consent has been a source of great frustration and demotivation for [private] to continue.

I kindly request that the GitHub administrators take immediate action to remove the infringing content from the provided URL and address this copyright violation.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/MrBrendon/FiveM-Kidnapping-Script

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

sell [private] scripts with the assistance of [private], which provides a level of security. However, it's important to note that there is no 100% guarantee of protection. This is because there are individuals commonly referred to as "cheaters" who can access servers where the script is running. With the help of third-party programs, they can "dump" the script, which essentially means they can download it without permission.

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

The accused project attempts to circumvent [private] technological protection measures by using cheats and similar methods to "dump" the scripts, allowing them to gain unauthorized access to [private] copyrighted material.

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, I have searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories, and I have found nothing further.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Country: [private]  
City: [private]  
Postalcode: [private]  
Address: [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
