Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

To whom It May Concern
 
DMCA Notification  
The following information is presented for the purposes of removing web content that infringes on our copyright per the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. We appreciate your enforcement of copyright law and support of our rights in this matter.
 
Identification of Copyrighted Work  
The copyrighted work at issue is the text that appears on codility.com and its related pages. The pages in question contain a clear copyright notification and are the intellectual property of the complainant.
 
Identification of Infringed Material  
The following copyrighted paragraphs have been allegedly copied from the copyrighted work:
 
1) Link: https://github.com/moabukar/tech-vault/blob/main/devops-challenges/README.md#32-docker-compose-challenge-2  
Text starting from: "Create a simple local development environment using"  
to: "start in the follwoing order: `db, backend, frontend`."  
original content (behind a paywall): https://app.codility.com/task-library/#/docker_compose_multiple_containers  
Notifying Party  

Codility Limited  
Attn: [private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  

[private]  
Copyright Owners Statement

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the allegedly infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.  
I have taken fair use into consideration.  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification is accurate and that I am authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  
Based on the representative number of forks I have reviewed, I believe that all or most of the forks are infringing to the same extent as the parent repository.
