Note: Because the parent repository was actively being forked when this DMCA takedown notice was received, and the submitter had identified all known forks at the time they submitted the takedown notice, GitHub processed the takedown notice against the entire network of _101_ repositories, inclusive of the parent repository.

---

While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

One or more repositories in this DMCA takedown notice has been processed in accordance with GitHub’s prohibition on sharing unauthorized product licensing keys, software for generating unauthorized product licensing keys, and/or software for bypassing checks for product licensing keys.
You can learn more in [GitHub’s Acceptable Use Policies](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/github-acceptable-use-policies).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.
My name is [private] and I'm the [private] of the DBeaver Corporation. DBeaver is a popular open-source project for data management and database administration (https://github.com/dbeaver/dbeaver), we also make commercial products based on our open-source code base (https://dbeaver.com/).

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Recently, our community notified us about the GitHub repo with the special agent to break the license for DBeaver commercial products: https://github.com/chisaato/de-ag. This repo already has 99 (it was 97 last Friday) forks and I believe their number will grow further. We'd like to ask you to delete this repo and all forks of this repo (cascade delete for all nesting levels). We'd also like to ask you to ban the owners of the repositories.
We have always been advocates of the open-source movement. We contribute to many big and small open-source projects. But we have always believed that open-source has to be legal.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

All files from this repository has to be deleted.

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

All DBeaver commercial products are protected with the license that has to be checked on the DBeaver license server.

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

The provided crack re-directs the request from the license server to a special custom agent that first generates a license and then qualifies that license as valid.

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Currently the repository has 99 forks. Their number is growing every day.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

We only have a link to the repository: https://github.com/chisaato/de-ag.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Phone: [private]  
Address: [private], [private], [private], [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private], [private] of DBeaver Corporation
