**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I was authorized to act on the behalf of the owner of Red Dusk, a Hearts of Iron IV mod concerning the following matter

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Recently, a [private] of ours that is named SmallLucien leaked a build of Red Dusk online and has decided to rival our mod with a weak and ineffiecent team. SmallLucien decided to team up with one [private] who is a person who we know possesses child pornography and is a harassment threat to us at Red Dusk. SmallLucien decided to do such after failing to cope with the loss of his [private] at Red Dusk after choosing to leak pictures of private [private] conversations to Wicked. We want this repository down as soon as possible and if possible, we wish to have his account banned or locked up for this action.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

We wish to have the entire following repository taken down since it is a clear act of theft from the original repository which can be seen here

Original: [private]  
Lucien and [private] (what we want down): https://github.com/SmallLucien/Red-Dusk

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

No, we have not

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No, we do not

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private], [private], [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
