Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

Regrettably, we received a piracy report for these three files:

https://github.com/archtaurus/RetroPieBIOS/blob/master/BIOS/kick34005.A500 ([private])

https://github.com/archtaurus/RetroPieBIOS/blob/master/BIOS/kick40063.A600 ([private])

https://github.com/archtaurus/RetroPieBIOS/blob/master/BIOS/kick40068.A1200 ([private])

We verified that the files identified in the above consist of pirate copies of our copyrighted Amiga ROM and operating system software. US copyrights that are infringed upon include TX0003282574 and TX0006587397.

The context is a repository named "RetroPieBIOS", which per its own description and README features a "Full BIOS collection", i.e. a collection of binary files from numerous third parties, including Microsoft, Nintendo, Sony and others. This does not appear to be the type of source code development work that GitHub is famous for.

On November 5, 2023, we reached out to the apparent uploader (username "archtaurus") as indicated in the RetroPieBIOS package.json file ([private]). It was a friendly "ask nicely first" mail describing the concern. Unfortunately, no response or action followed.

Under our own contractual obligations, we see no option but to escalate the matter by filing this notice. The files need to be deleted.

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice. 

I have taken fair use into consideration.

Based on the representative number of forks I have reviewed, I believe that all or most of the forks are infringing to the same extent as the parent repository.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Regards,  

[private]  
Cloanto Corporation  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
