**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**  
Yes i'm the authorized owner and [private] of DXC Technologies

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

All of the files in the repo tie directly to DXC as an example here are files with our immediate DXC letter of the files which is copyrighted. This is an unauthorized use of proprietary content and PII.

[private]

It looks like the engineer was saving off work for a migration and the engineer should not have copied our all of this copyrighted IP over to GitHub.com.

Here is the primary - url: https://github.com/amingo123/ESAA-Git

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**

The entire repository needs to be taken down : https://github.com/amingo123/ESAA-Git

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

There are no forks

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No open sourced item this is DXC only proprietary server data, PII and passwords

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

NO alternatives immediate taken is required

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
As a corporation will handle the internal investigation and we'd prefer that you not contact the infringer as this may be a compromised user account.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

This is my confirmation that I have read the Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
[private]
