To whom it may concern,

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice. The enclosed URLs are infringing upon our copyright and we are making an urgent request of yourself and organization to please remove the following offending content:

https://github.com/AstronomyLiveYt/SatTraker/blob/master/SatTrakerBetaV1.py

https://github.com/AstronomyLiveYt/VideoStabilization/blob/master/videostabilization.py

https://github.com/AstronomyLiveYt/SDO-Annotation/blob/master/sdo.py

These URLs contain files and codes that are proprietary and should not be published or made public. Roskamp Institute uses this code internally and it is vital for our operations. The code is proprietary and should not be disclosed publicly.

The user who posted these downloadable packages/files should remove all the content/files because this is infringing Roskamp Institute’s proprietary code and there is nothing they could do short of deleting it all.

We do not personally know the user who posted this, they are not connected in any way with nor authorized by the Roskamp Institute to post this code. The user’s account name is AstronomyLiveYt

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

We appreciate your urgent attention in removing the above content as soon as possible.

Sincerely,

[private]

[private]

Phone Number: [private]

Roskamp Institute    
2040 Whitfield Ave.

Sarasota, FL 34243
