Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?  
Yes

Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.  
We have been notified that our source code has been publicly posted at https://github.com/SergeSuperDev/React-Native/tree/master/catalyst-mobileapp. This folder (catalyst-mobileapp) within the repo is a complete copy of our repository as of March 2018. We believe this to be a contractor of a company we used for development during that time frame. Buzznog Catalyst is a product of Buzznog LLC.

What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:  
https://github.com/SergeSuperDev/React-Native/tree/master/catalyst-mobileapp/*

Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.  
We have not identified any forks.

Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?  
Not to our knowledge.

What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?  
This repo is a snapshot of our product as of March 2018. Because of this, and because of it's private nature, and as it contains access keys and tokens, we request that it be removed immediately.

Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:  
No, we're unaware who this person is.

Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/  
Confirm

So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:  
[private]  
Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:  
[private]  
[private] Buzznog=
