**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized. The copyright owner is Adobe Systems Incorporated.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Adobe Systems Incorporated produces a variety of software that focuses on the creation of multimedia, and creativity products. Featured products include After Effects, Dreamweaver, Flash, Illustrator, InDesign, Muse, Photoshop, Lightroom, and Premier. A full list of products that are all protected by copyright laws can be found at: http://www.adobe.com/products/catalog.html.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**

https://github.com/Guibzs/adobe_cc_amtlib_1718_win  
https://github.com/Guibzs/adobe_cc_amtlib_mac

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

No, please remove links provided.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

The posts in question provide a crack file (amtlib.dll) that circumvents Adobe System Incorporated's technological measures. The crack file allows a user to illegitimately extend a set trial period. This is a violation of US copyright law; 17 USC § 1201 - Circumvention of copyright protection systems.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

No, please remove links provided.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**

https://github.com/Guibzs

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

I have read your guide to submitting a DMCA takedown notice.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

345 Park Ave  
San Jose, California  
95110

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[private]      
Adobe Systems Incorporated  
[private]
