I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**  

Yes

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  

The code contained in this repo https://github.com/teostack/lucid_app and https://github.com/teostack/lucid_backend contains copyrighted developed by uur company.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**  

https://github.com/teostack/lucid_backend and https://github.com/teostack/lucid_app content belong to us entirely.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  

Yes.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  

No it is no open source software.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  

The two repositories needs to be taken down.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**  

No.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

[private]  
Phone [private]  
Email [private]  

[private]    
[private] Lucid Tunes Ltd  

3rd Floor  
11-12 St James's Square  

London, SW1 4LB=  
