I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

We urgently require the removal and deletion of all of the content of GitHub repository of https://github.com/g5srpc/AutomateProcess (the Repo). The code that resides within the Repo is the intellectual copyright of Jetstar Airways Pty Ltd (100% owned by Qantas Airways Limited).

This code has been authored by Jetstar employees and a third-party vendor [private], and [private] has contracted ownership of all intellectual property rights in the code to Jetstar. The Repo is a direct, literal copy of work owned by Jetstar Airways Pty Ltd. We therefore believe the whole of the Repo infringes on our copyright. Furthermore, there are over 10,000 references to the trademark Jetstar (Australian trademark 980202) with functionality pertaining to only operational systems of the airline.

We require the complete public removal and deletion of the Repo (https://github.com/g5srpc/AutomateProcess).

My contact information is as follows:  
[private]  
[private]  
Qantas Airways Limited  
[private]  
Mobile [private]  
Email [private]  

I do not know the contact information for the alleged infringer (account: g5srpc).

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
