**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

Yes

**Please provide the Zendesk ticket number of your previously submitted notice. Zendesk ticket numbers are 7 digit ID numbers located in the subject line or body of your confirmation email.**

2130078

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Im representing A.A.R Boostapp LLC in connection with its boostapp products. As you may be aware, Boostapp is Israeli leader in CRM for gym management, providing innovative solutions, including software, and digital solutions for its users.
Boostapp owns all intellectual property rights in and to these technologies, including its copyrights, trademarks, and trade secrets.

our private repositories :  
[private]   
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

It has come to Boostapp's attention that a software project titled “Boostapp” has been uploaded to GitHub, Inc.’s (“GitHub”) website and provides unauthorized derivative works of Boostapp software (the “Infringing Software”). The Infringing Software is available at https://github.com/qshssewww/Boostapp-dev

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The entire repository should be taken down, repository's URL : https://github.com/qshssewww/Boostapp-dev

I have a good faith belief that the use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration. I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this letter is accurate and that I am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice. Thank you for your anticipated cooperation.

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

no forks

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

no

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Please contact us at as soon as possible to confirm that you will comply with our request. Thank you for your anticipated cooperation in this matter

[private] : [private] / [private]  
[private] : [private] / [private]  
[private] : [private] / [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
