Dear GitHub/DMCA agent:

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

 

We represent Lynx Software Technologies Inc. (“Lynx”) in its intellectual property matters. Lynx is the exclusive rights holder for content that is appearing on the GitHub website. This is an official notification under Section 512(c) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) that you are hosting material that infringes Lynx’ copyrights.  

 

You are required to expeditiously remove or disable access to the infringing material. Please take action immediately and within no longer than two (2) days of this notice.

 

- The infringing materials are located at the following URLs:  
  - https://github.com/blackqbit/lynxos-178_arm_docs
  - https://github.com/blackqbit/lynxsecure_arm_docs  


- The original materials are proprietary software products of Lynx, which code is not public or open source, and include our Lynx Operating System 178 and our Lynx Secure Kernel Hypervisor.

The infringing materials listed above, which belong to Lynx, include without limitation the entire list of files and documentation contained in the GitHub links above.  There is no fair-use that may exempt the publication of this information, as our proprietary products are not open source or used for academic endeavors.

We have no knowledge of, or contact information for, the infringer posting our materials, except the username associated with the infringing content, Blackqbit:  https://github.com/blackqbit

We are providing this notice in good faith and with reasonable belief that Lynx’ exclusive rights are being infringed. We have taken fair use into consideration and confirm that the use of the copyrighted materials described above and listed on the infringing web pages is not authorized by Lynx, its agents, or the law.

Under the penalty of perjury, I certify that the information contained in this notification is both true and accurate, and that I am authorized to act on behalf of Lynx.

My contact information is as shown below.

Best regards,

 

/s/ [private]

 

[private]

[private]

 

T  [private]
M  [private]

[private]

 

DLA Piper LLP [private]

www.dlapiper.com

[private]

[private]
