To Whom It May Concern:

We are the intellectual property counsel for Tetris Holding, LLC. (“Tetris Holding”), the owner of all rights in and to the Tetris® mark and game. Tetris Holding is the owner of copyright in the Tetris® game throughout the world, including U.S. copyright registrations PAu 1,214,036; PAu 1,214,035; PA 412,169; and PA 412,170.

This letter is a notice of infringement pursuant to § 512(c) of the U.S. Copyright Law (section 512 is known as the Digital Millennium Copyright Act). 

Tetris Holding recently became aware of the promotion, display, and distribution online, of a “Tetris” game (the “Infringing Game”) available at tetris.college (the “Website”).  Your company’s provision of ISP services to the Website, which makes the Infringing Game available, violates Tetris Holding’s valid and enforceable legal rights. Specifically, the Infringing Game trespasses on the copyright in the Tetris® game because it is displayed and accessible on the Website, which access results in a user being able to play the Infringing Game.  You facilitate such public access without our client’s prior permission or authorization. This wrongdoing subjects your company, and any other person or entity acting in concert with it, to an injunction, liability for statutory damages, compensatory damages, punitive damages, disgorgement of profits, costs and attorneys’ fees under the U.S. Copyright Act, 17 U.S.C. §101 et seq. 

Accordingly, Tetris Holding demands that you promptly remove or disable access to the Infringing Game and confirm that you have done so.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above as allegedly infringing is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law. I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

This letter is without prejudice to our client’s legal rights and remedies, all of which are expressly reserved, and does not purport to be an exhaustive statement of its legal position.

Very truly yours,

[private]

By: /[private]/

Kind regards,

[private], [private]. | [private]  
t: [private] | f: [private] | e: [private] | www.norrismclaughlin.com  
[private] | [private] | [private]
[private] | [private] | [private]
