Dear GitHub System Manager,  
  
I hope this message finds you well.I am writing on behalf of the [private] department at Shenzhen Zuolin Technology CO.,LTD（hereinafter called the‘Zuolin’). Zuolin has found that the code under a certain link on GitHub infringes on it's rights, and I need you to delete it to protect Zuolin's reasonable interests and intellectual property rights.  
  
To maintain compliance with applicable laws and protect the rights of Zuolin, I kindly request your prompt assistance in removing the following repositories from GitHub:  
  
Entire repository:  https://github.com/tayduivn/workSource  
  
All the code in the above link is the same as zuolin's code.Zuolin have technical measures to control access to their code so that it cannot be downloaded without permission.  
  
The code and personnel in the above link, I confirm that Zuolin have not authorized them and agreed to their external dissemination, which has caused a negative impact on Zuolin and must be completely deleted.  
  
I don't have the contact information of the alleged infringer，so I cannot contact it to delete.  
  
We have confirmed that above repositories contain code that infringes upon our proprietary software and is in direct violation of copyright laws.We kindly request that you pay urgent attention to this matter and delete all codes in the link to prevent further unauthorized distribution of our protected intellectual property.  
  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that Zuolin is the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  
  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.  
  
I have taken fair use into consideration.  
  
I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice.  
  
My contact information is as follows：  
  
Name: [private]  
  
Number: [private]  
  
Email： [private]  
  
Address: [private]  
  
Thank you for your prompt attention to this matter. I look forward to your cooperation and swift resolution of this issue.  
  
Sincerely,  
  
[private]  
  
Shenzhen Zuolin Technology CO.,LTD.  
