**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am [private] in The Boeing Company's [private], authorized to act on behalf of the company on this sensitive matter.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

This detached fork (https://github.com/nonameirl/safety_performance_metrics/) was forked from a repository owned by a former Boeing employee, who immediately deleted the repository after it was posted without authorization. The detached fork and previously-deleted repository contain sensitive Boeing proprietary information and other protected controlled information that violates Boeing policies and federal laws. More specifically, the content contains Export Administration Regulation data (9e991 EAR) that is federally controlled.

Given the risks associated with the release of this protected data, we are requesting the immediate takedown of this detached fork and any other private detached forks or repositories that exist.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/nonameirl/safety_performance_metrics/

This is a detached fork of a repository that a former Boeing employee (User Name: [private]; [private]) placed on GitHub. This detached fork and the original repository from the former Boeing employee contains Boeing Proprietary Information and other protected controlled information that violates Boeing policies and federal laws. The former employee removed his content upon request from Boeing, but this detached fork remains public. We are also requesting that any other private detached forks that exist, including private repositories from "[private]" be immediately removed.

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, we have searched for publicly-available forks. As noted above, this detached fork is of a repository that a former Boeing employee (User Name: [private]; [private]) placed on GitHub. This detached fork and the original repository from the former Boeing employee contains Boeing Proprietary Information and other protected controlled information that violates Boeing policies and federal laws. The former employee removed his content upon request from Boeing, but this detached fork remains public. We are also requesting that any other private detached forks that exist, including private repositories from "[private]" be immediately removed.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No, we do not have the contact information for the user hosting this detached fork. We have the contact information of GitHub user "[private]" ([private]), who is a former Boeing employee.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
[private]  
Office: [private]  
Mobile: [private]  
Address:  
[private]  
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
