**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I've read and understood GitHub's Guide to filing a DMCA notice

Hello,
I am currently the [private] of YorkHost and I have been tasked by the [private] ( [private] of the original site) to make this request.  
I am currently the [private] of YorkHost and I have been tasked by the [private] ( [private] of the original site) to make this request.


**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Our site https://yorkhost.fr comes from a paid template, protected therefore, that we have completely modified. The github post ( https://github.com/ZadamZZ/web-hebergeur ) contains the totality of our site, we can indeed see appearing the mention "YorkHost" has multiple times in this post.
On our side, we made all the necessary steps to have the rights to use contrary to the post of ZadamZZ which publishes our site without any right.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL.**

We ask for the total deletion of the post https://github.com/ZadamZZ/web-hebergeur which contains our web site and the paid template we own.

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

The entire post and a copy of our site.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

I only have the github profile of the infringer: https://github.com/ZadamZZ

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Phone number : [private]  
Mail : [private]/[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
