Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am the [private] of the Skytils project available on Github. (https://github.com/Skytils/SkytilsMod)

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice. I am filing this notice based on the best of my knowledge after conducting my own investigation. This investigation was conducted on [private].

I am the [private] for SkytilsMod, a Minecraft Forge mod that provides quality of life features for Hypixel Skyblock. Skytils is located on GitHub at the repository https://github.com/Skytils/SkytilsMod

SkyblockFeatures appears to be based off a copy of SkytilsMod, available on the 0.x branch of Skytils/SkytilsMod, and contains large amounts of code from SkytilsMod and violates our open-source license.

SkyblockFeatures also infringes on multiple other projects' licenses, however, I am not the copyright holder nor authorized to act as the copyright holder for those projects, so they will not be included in this complaint.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/MrFast-js/SkyblockFeatures/

The entire repository and its forks must be taken down due to the amount of files that contain code from my project.

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

All forks must be taken down as they include my project's code.  
The only visible fork I see is [invalid], which does not include a license.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

Yes

**Which license?**

Our current branch uses GNU Affero General Public License 3.0 with Exceptions

https://github.com/Skytils/SkytilsMod/blob/1.x/LICENSE.md

However, some code they have copied appears to be from our 0.x branch, which is also GNU Affero General Public License 3.0 available at  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Skytils/SkytilsMod/0.x/LICENSE

**How do you believe the license is being violated?**

The project License is incompatible with the GNU Affero General Public License 3.0, the project is licensed under the MIT License, while the fork listed appears not to include a license.
The author makes no attempt at following our license, bundling our code with other code from projects that may have incompatible licenses, or even All Rights Reserved code which does not belong to them.

**What changes can be made to bring the project into compliance with the license? For example, adding attribution, adding a license, making the repository private.**

The License must be compatible with the GNU AGPL 3.0, include license and copyright notice
State the changes made to our code
Remove any code that may not fulfill the terms of the GNU AGPL 3.0 license

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No, I do not have the contact information.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

Email is more preferable for contacting me, [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
