**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am the copyright owner.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

This repository contains files which are my copyrighted intellectual property. I am [private].

The original copy of the copyrighted repository for this project can be found here:  
[private]

Examples of the copied files  
solution/bin/insta485db  
solution/bin/insta485test

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/JaKilby/JacobKilby.com-react/blob/master/bin/insta485test-html  
https://github.com/JaKilby/JacobKilby.com-react/blob/master/bin/insta485db  
https://github.com/JaKilby/JacobKilby.com-react/blob/master/bin/insta485test

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes I have searched for forks, and found there are no other forks from this repository.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

This work is not licensed under an open source license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Either deleting the infringing files or making the repository private would solve the issue with infringement.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

Yes, their email is [private] . I tried getting in touch multiple times and did not receive any response.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
[private]  
[private]  

Tel: [private]  
Email: [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
