**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I was instructed by a professor of the university to remove the files from my Github repository because the files contained homework prompts and my answers for the course. I would also like to remove these files which are both university property and my property, but I am unable to do so because of forks of my repository.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

[private]

I am not able to include a URL to the original homework assignments because those were released through a university course website. I was requested to remove the files for this course, however I would like to remove the files for the entire repository because it contains university material in the other courses as well.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/rinah97/ucsd_cs  
[private]

These two forks of my repository need to be taken down, without leaving any history. I would also like to make my repository private or removed. These two forks do not have any original content they have added to the forks.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

As mentioned above, these two forks and any that may be subsequently created before my original repository can be removed from the public domain:  
https://github.com/rinah97/ucsd_cs  
[private] 

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The best solution would be to remove the two forks and make my original repository private. It would be best for the university if the homework and answers were removed from the public domain, which is why I cannot simply make my repository private.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No, I do not.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
