My name is  [private]. It is nice to use Github such a profesional and efficent platform, and now I have a need to be very hopefully able to get Githubs support and resolution.
I have read and understand Github's Guide to filling a DMCS notice.  

I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf. We are EBUPT Big Data Platform  Department and I am the [private].  
We developed the bi project for China Mobile Migu Reading Company.In this page https://github.com/liveqmock/bi/blob/master/WebRoot/WEB-INF/content/portal/webmap.jsp, you can see 
and.
The text "China Mobile Mobile Reading" on the screenshoot is "China Mobile Mobile Reading" in English. The text "Eastcom-BUPT Information Technology Co. Ltd" and it is "EBUPT" for short. You can check my identity via the suffix of my email address.    

The code was commited by one of our team member, but it's not permitted and broke the rules of our code management. When we found it ,we contacted him and he had removed the repository from his own git repositories.But we found  there was other people who forked the reposiory to his own repositories(https://github.com/liveqmock/bi). Since he did not leave his email or open the issues,we couldn't  conact him to remove the repository.  

The original git repository was belong to [private]. The git repository needed to be removed is https://github.com/liveqmock/bi.  





Since the bi project contains the company's important source code,algorithm and system configuration information,belonging to the company's internal data assets,so I hope Github as soon as possible to help us completely remove
and thank you very much.  
We had searched for other forks of this project and there was no other repository to be found.    

The following is my contact information:  
email: [private]  
telephone: [private]  

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner,or its agent, or  the law. I have taker fair use into consideration.  
I swear , under penalty of perjury,that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner , or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner , of an exclusive right is allegedly infringed.  
I have taken fair use into consideration.  
I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice.  

Hoping for your response, and thanks again.  


[private]  
