I am the copyright holder of some of the code in this repository: https://github.com/majedabb/ECE297

1. **Statement** I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA notice.

2. **Copyrighted Work** This repository contains the major assignment and various support code for the course ECE 297 at the University of Toronto. The repository contains not only the code written by the student (and three teammates) to complete the assignment, but incorporates skeleton code written by the course teaching team (myself and my teaching assistants). Leaving this repository online violates my copyright and that of the University of Toronto to the code created for the course. Having this repository public also encourages plagiarism by future students as 350 students a year take this course, and the course project is too complex to completely change each year -- hence being able to download a complete solution from a prior year encourages weaker students to copy, and harms those students who are completing the course in the proper way by creating their own solution.

3. **Infringing Material** Various files in this repository incorporate code given by the teaching team, with copyright explicitly retained and posting on a public website explicitly disallowed. In fact the copyright notice from the teaching team is visible in https://github.com/majedabb/ECE297/blob/master/m1%20draft .

Another specific example: the code from lines 25 - 79 of https://github.com/majedabb/ECE297/blob/master/Milestone%204 is directly copied teaching team code and comments, as is the CourierSubpath type referenced in this code.
 
Some of the other files in this directory include example skeleton code as part of their implementation.

The other code in this repository was primarily written by [private] teammates, not him, and he does not have their permission to post it.  His teammate [private] has confirmed to me via email that [private] does not have his permission to post his code. 

4. **Explain what the affected user would need to do in order to remedy the infringement.**

Taking down the repository or making the repository private would both be acceptable.

I have filed an issue on the repo detailing these copyright concerns at https://github.com/majedabb/ECE297/issues/1 but there has been no response.

5. **My contact information**  
[private]  
Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering  
University of Toronto  
10 King's College Road  
Toronto, ON  
M4S 3G4  
[private] (work)  
[private] (cell)  
[private]   

6. **Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**

The infringer is [private].  His University of Toronto email is [private].  I have emailed him at this address and received no response and I do not believe he is at the university anymore, so it is likely he is not monitoring it.

7. I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

8. I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

9. **Full legal name as electronic signature**  
[private]  
