**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

This repository: https://github.com/hasnhasan/readykit is forked from: [private], which is a copy of one of our products (RedyKit) we are selling on Envato Marketplace: CodeCanyon: [private]  

This github user (hasnhasan) forked this from [private] which is now taken down by github after we sent a DMCA takedown notice! Please see our last DMCA takedown notice from Jan 9th for more information!

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Original takedown notice was sent for: [private] (which is now disabled by you today).. this seems to be a fork (that did not exist at the time we sent notice.

We have been actively working on this project since February 2020 and released our first version on CodeCanyon in September 2020. Here is the link to our repository (private) at Github: [private]

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The whole repo: https://github.com/hasnhasan/readykit

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes we have searched, but have not found any other forks.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

No.. the code is ours and we have not authorized distribution of it.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

My phone: +[private]  
Address: [private], [private], [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private], [private] ([private])
