Dear GitHub Copyright Agent:

 

I, the undersigned, state UNDER PENALTY OF PERJURY that:

 

1) I have read and understand GitHub's “Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice”.

 

2) Identify the copyrighted work you believe has been infringed;

The material posted at the below website appears to be a direct or literal copy of a set of files obtained from Qualcomm Technologies, Inc., including direct or literal copies of Qualcomm’s confidential and proprietary source code for cellular phone software, which Qualcomm shares with third parties only under NDA or similar contract.  Many of the files bear confidentiality and copyright statements of Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. appearing in many of the files in the repository.

 

3) Identify the material that you allege is infringing the copyrighted work listed in item #2, above;

 

[private]

https://github.com/serena159/python_Data/tree/master/office1/nhlos

https://github.com/shoulewoba/python_Data/tree/master/office1/nhlos

https://github.com/Yrahate7/python_Data/tree/master/office1/nhlos

 

4) Explain what the affected user would need to do in order to remedy the infringement.

 

In order to remedy the infringement, the affected user must remove all copies of the infringing materials posted publicly by him/her, and delete any and all unauthorized (i.e., not licensed or otherwise authorized by Qualcomm Atheros, Inc.) copies of the infringing materials from his/her possession, custody, or control.

 

5) Provide your contact information. Include your email address, name, telephone number and physical address.

 

Name of Injured Party : Qualcomm Technologies, Inc.

Name and Title: [private], [private]

Company: Qualcomm Incorporated

Address: 5775 Morehouse Dr.

City, State, and Zip: San Diego, CA  92121

Email address:  [private]

Telephone: [private]

 

6)  Provide contact information, if you know it, for the alleged infringer.

 

It appears that the “[private]” Github account first used to upload the infringing material belongs to someone named “[private] based on the account name (“[private]”) and the CV found at h[private].  In parallel with this removal request, we plan to reach out to this person to ask him/her where and how they obtained these files.  We do not have contact information for the three infringers who “forked” the same files.

 

7)  I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

 

8)  I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

 

 

Truthfully,

 

 

 

 

 

[private]  
[private]  
Qualcomm Incorporated  
5775 Morehouse Drive  
San Diego, California 92121-1714  
[private]  
[private]
