**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

Yes

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

[private] have filed a revocation notice on behalf of the payment and receipt project team of Zhongdian Jinxin Software Co., Ltd. [private] project is operating in an intranet environment Due to the sensitivity of payment business, all source codes have not been publicly published and belong to private code engineering. The disclosure of source codes will have a significant impact on the security of payment business.

Sorry, as the code is an internal engineering code, [private] cannot provide a URL address or source code. However, other materials and explanation of the situation can be provided:

1. In the appealed code engineering, a large number of keywords such as "[private]" and "[private]" can be found, with clear bank names indicating that the code engineering is a banking system with high confidentiality requirements and is not allowed to be uploaded to external networks.

2. In 2018, our company was responsible for a code leak issue and requested [private] to delete his code [private] After comparison, the code engineering for this appeal is consistent with the code library name and content that our company requested [private] to delete in 2018. The official can contact [private] to verify whether what [private] said is true. Additionally, based on Github's internal operation flow and logs, it can be verified whether the first uploader of the upay parent project is [private], and whether [private] is from [private].

3. Our company can provide proof of software copyright for the acquiring product, as shown in Attachment 1.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The repository for author soldiers1989 [https://github.com/soldiers1989/upay-parent/ The](https://github.com/soldiers1989/upay-parent/The) upay parent and our company's project names are consistent. After comparison, the files under the project are consistent with our company's code files.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The entire repository needs to be deleted, and if the URL of the repository is https://github.com/soldiers1989/upay-parent/

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

After a search, https://github.com/moutainhigh/upay-parent It is through [https://github.com/soldiers1989/upay-parent/ After](https://github.com/soldiers1989/upay-parent/After) comparison, the files under the project are consistent with the code files of our company. Apply for deletion

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Other Change

**Describe the change.**

Firstly, it is necessary to remove the reported content, and secondly, we hope that the Github official can assist in contacting the author to delete the author's local code.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

Github did not obtain the author's contact information, but found some contact information from some files stored by the author. After contacting, they denied being the owner of the account soldiers1989.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docsgithub.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
[private]  

[private]：[private]  
[private]：[private]  
[private]：[private]  
[private]：[private]，[private]  

[private]  
[private]  

Mobile:[private]  
Email: [private]  
Official website: https://www.pactera-fintech.com  
Address: [private], [private], [private], [private], [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
