In response to the DMCA Takedown notice below, GitHub determined that the reported content was made as a personal project in connection with an educational exercise. A disclaimer to that effect was added to the repository.

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am an authorized representative of Paytm

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Greetings,

I am [private] from iZOOlogic Ltd., a private security company authorized to represent Paytm.

We're reaching out to report a file uploaded on Github by a nonaffiliated user, as mentioned and confirmed by our client Paytm.

Account Uploader: https://github.com/legcy143

Infringing Content: https://github.com/legcy143/paytm_landing

https://github.com/legcy143/paytm_landing/blob/master/index.html

The Infringing content is the main landing page of our client Paytm and its contents and structure has been copied unto the repository contents. The content and its user interface are almost the same as the original. Our client Paytm requests to remove the infringing content to prevent any fraudulent activity that could be done by the repository created on your platform of a non-affiliated user.

Original Landing Page Copyrighted: https://paytm.com/

Please note Paytm has not authorized the user to copy the main landing page of Paytm as it can be used to analyze vulnerabilities and company secrets and create duplicate or phishing sites aiming for Paytm customers.

We request your quick action to assist in removing this Infringing Content as soon as possible. This immediate action will guarantee that the spread of continuous fraudulent activities will permanently cease as an authority and governing body regulating your region's internet.

I have a good faith belief that the use of the trademark described above is not authorized by the trademark owner, its agent, or the law. I have considered nominative and other fair services.

And under penalty of perjury, I swear that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the trademark owner or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Please let us know if you have any queries.

Regards,

[private]  
[private]

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/legcy143/paytm_landing

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Account Uploader: https://github.com/legcy143

Infringing Content: https://github.com/legcy143/paytm_landing

The Infringing content has been copyrighted to the main page of our client Paytm from the structure until the contents itself. The content and its user interface are almost the same as the original. Our client Paytm requests to remove the infringing content to prevent any fraudulent activity that could be done by the repository created on your platform of a non-affiliated user.

Original Landing Page Copyrighted: https://paytm.com/

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Address: [private]

[private]

[private]

Email: [private]

Phone: [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
