**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.  
This is already my second complaint. After the last complaint, the corresponding resources were deleted, and then he sent them out again more than a month later.

The application software corresponding to this resource is a clear commercial product in China, including complete front-end source code, and is available in major application stores.

Declaration regarding ownership:

Official website: http://www.jicco.cn

ICP Business Nature License No.: [private]

Android Software Copyright Certificate No.: [private]

Apple Software Copyright Certificate No.: [private]

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The address of this resource is https://github.com/jeanboy/jicco,  
The user has fully uploaded our product to Github without any authorization or notification from our company. This behavior completely infringes on the legitimate rights and interests of our company.

Jicco is a social software released by our company, serving a wide range of homosexual people and currently has a user base of 600000.

The download address for iOS is https://apps.apple.com/cn/app/1538529514

Android can be downloaded from various Chinese app stores or official websites https://jicco.cn

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

All files in the warehouse need to be deleted. The warehouse address is https://github.com/jeanboy/jicco ,

In addition, we did not see any impact on the user after the last processing was completed. We still hope to provide the user's phone number to pursue legal responsibility or permanently ban the user.

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, we have reviewed all branches of the warehouse, so we confirm that the user has uploaded the complete front-end code of our company's software without making any modifications (including cleaning sensitive data)

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Other Change

**Describe the change.**

Therefore, in our previous complaint, we hoped to provide the registered mobile phone number of the user to our company and hold them accountable for their legal responsibilities.

If not, please delete the warehouse resource and permanently ban the user. Thank you.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No, we don't know the true identity of this user because he used false nicknames and avatars on Github, and there is only one resource in his repository.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Tel: [private]

Email: [private]

Address: [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
