While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).  
  
---  

Note: Because the reported network that contained the allegedly infringing content was larger than one hundred (100) repositories, and the submitter alleged that all or most of the forks were infringing to the same extent as the parent repository, GitHub processed the takedown notice against the entire network of 101 repositories, inclusive of the parent repository.

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
  
Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.  
  
**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**  
  
No  
  
**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**  
  
GitHub  
  
**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**  
  
I am an [private] for Microsoft. My scope of enforcement is for Minecraft within Mojang AB  
  
**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
  
Minecraft is a global phenomenon with a significant and loyal fan base and community. In order to protect the integrity of Minecraft and the vitality of the Minecraft community, Mojang owns and enforces all intellectual property rights in and to Minecraft, including internationally-registered trademarks and copyrights in the game, game characters, and related consumer products based on the same. Mojang’s trademark rights include but are not limited to common law and federally-registered rights in the MINECRAFT mark (U.S. Reg. No. 4,252,394). In addition, Mojang owns registered and unregistered copyrights in connection with Minecraft, including but not limited to U.S. Copyright Reg. Nos. VA 1-885-980, VA 1-885-976, VA 1-886-104, VA 1-885-991, VA 1-885-988, VA 1-886-003, VA 1-886-007, VA 1-885-995, VA 1-886-008, VA 1-885-983, VA 1-885-978, VA 1-885-999, VA 1-886-006, VA 1-886-005 and VA 1-885-990 for artwork and character designs featured in the game (Mojang’s intellectual property rights are collectively referred to as the “Minecraft IP”). Mojang takes its intellectual property rights seriously and enforces them vigorously.  
  
Mojang is keen to ensure that its community is treated fairly and safely, and that players and fans of Minecraft are not exploited. Mojang has therefore implemented the Minecraft EULA (https://www.minecraft.net/en-us/eula), which governs the use of Minecraft. The EULA prohibits, among other things, “giv[ing] copies of [Minecraft] to anyone else,” “mak[ing] commercial use of anything [Mojang] made,” and “try[ing] to make money from anything [Mojang] made.”  
  
**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**  
  
https://github.com/3kh0/eaglercraft  
  
**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**  
  
Yes  
  
**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**  
  
We use Azure Active Directory sign in with license checks to prevent unauthorized access to our application. We also use industry best practices such as compiled code and encrypted sub-components to prevent unauthorized or inappropriate access to our application.  
  
**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**  
  
This user has presumably decompiled and reverse engineered portions of our code to find how to bypass our licensing checks and have the software run in a browser.  
  
Their code goes against our EULA and Terms of Use by bypassing server-based authentication and changing memory state on the client to simulate a successful sign in without actually performing any form of authentication or license check with the authentication server.  
  
**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
  
Yes. Please note: Based on the representative number of forks I have reviewed, I believe that all or most of the forks are infringing to the same extent as the parent.  
  
@1727859 1727859 / eaglercraft  
@7777a2333 7777a2333 / eaglercraft-theend  
@Akra0 Akra0 / eaglercraft-1  
@AmityStreams AmityStreams / eaglercraft  
@ApexdaGamer ApexdaGamer / eaglercraft-1  
@Arva354 Arva354 / Eaglercraft-Copy  
@asdwasdwasdwasdw asdwasdwasdwasdw / eaglercraft  
@BlueHatCrew BlueHatCrew / eaglercraft  
@BushTrain460615 BushTrain460615 / eaglercraft  
@Cha-Shao Cha-Shao / eaglercraft  
@CiroDOS CiroDOS / eaglercraft  
@codingwatching codingwatching / eaglercraft-1  
@danielpro-rpi danielpro-rpi / classic  
@Dentamon Dentamon / eaglercraft  
@drippy-cat drippy-cat / eaglercraft  
@Ean117 Ean117 / eaglercraft  
@ede4321 ede4321 / eaglercraft  
@ertiu90 ertiu90 / eaglercraft  
@flyingpanstudios flyingpanstudios / eaglercraft  
@FuckNico FuckNico / echocraft  
@GalacticNetwork GalacticNetwork / eaglercraft  
@GGboogie GGboogie / eaglercraft  
@Heyayyu Heyayyu / eaglercraft  
@ibababooey ibababooey / eaglercraft  
@BIGJ42 BIGJ42 / eaglercraft-laxidude-official  
@ManykanD ManykanD / eaglercraft  
@ohheygfx ohheygfx / eaglercraft  
@ponivyn ponivyn / Chromecraftt  
@idont85 idont85 / eaglercraft  
@Ilikecheez123 Ilikecheez123[[ / eaglercraft.github.io](/eaglercraft.github.io)](/eaglercraft.github.io)  
@ImmP3rfect ImmP3rfect / eaglercraft  
@Itsmeeeeee123 Itsmeeeeee123 / HELLLPPPPP  
@JaidenAnimates JaidenAnimates / Moon-Client  
@JJDA211 JJDA211 / eaglercraft.github.io  
@jo9182 jo9182 / up-to-date-eaglercraft  
@johnny999999 johnny999999 / minecraft2  
@JuliansABot JuliansABot / eaglercraft  
@kaminki kaminki / eaglercraft  
@luvmen luvmen / eaglercraft  
@lwd-temp lwd-temp / eaglercraft-1  
@manitopy-is-cool manitopy-is-cool / eaglercraft  
@Minix07 Minix07 / Minixcraft  
@Monkeyghg Monkeyghg / a-random-thingy-mcbob  
@MotorTruck1221 MotorTruck1221 / eaglercraft  
@najfodasjfdslajoic najfodasjfdslajoic / eaglercraft-copy  
@NoahLubbers NoahLubbers / eaglercraft2  
@OCccomicc OCccomicc / eaglercraft  
@P0rg72 P0rg72 / Not-What-You-Think  
@PalmTree7856 PalmTree7856 / eaglercraft  
@radmanplays radmanplays / eaglercraft  
@allancoding allancoding / eaglercraft  
@Rahib777-7 Rahib777-7 / eaglercraft  
@3v3ry0n3 3v3ry0n3 / eaglercraft  
@RotomReploid RotomReploid / eaglercrafter  
@ted-eld ted-eld / eaglercraft  
@Thatboytoastt Thatboytoastt / eaglercraft  
@TheBrokenTvMan TheBrokenTvMan / eaglercraft  
@therealxion therealxion / eaglercraft  
@ecford123 ecford123 / eaglercraft-1  
@tinyjim2 tinyjim2 / eaglercraft  
@TotinosPizzaRoll TotinosPizzaRoll / eaglercraft  
@TrollGamesInc TrollGamesInc / eaglercraft-1  
@tuwii tuwii / eaglercraft  
@winkyfacehungrynew winkyfacehungrynew / eaglercraft  
@xander428902alt xander428902alt / eaglercraft  
@yoshi1295junior yoshi1295junior / eaglercraft-1  
  
**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**  
  
No  
  
**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**  
  
Reported content must be removed  
  
**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**  
  
Not available.  
  
**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**  
  
**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**  
  
**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**  
  
**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**  
  
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**  
  
[private]  
[private]  
  
Email is the best: [private]  
  
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**  
  
[private]   
