**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am the [private]. My name is [private]. I am the [private] of Leatrix Plus and Leatrix Maps.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The original and legal works can be found here:  
[private]  
[private]  
I also have an official website which is https://www.leatrix.com/. However, the links on the site all point to my CurseForge profile because I am using CurseForge as an official distributor. All my code on CurseForge is clearly labelled All Rights Reserved. All my [private] repositories are private. The CurseForge pages above clearly state that the code is All Rights Reserved.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

These repositories are illegal. They should be removed and the owner of these repositories should be instructed not to host Leatrix addons because Leatrix addons are always All Rights Reserved as clearly stated on the CurseForge pages linked in the previous answer.  
https://github.com/hippuli/Leatrix_Plus  
https://github.com/hippuli/Leatrix_Maps  

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

I am not reporting forks. I am reporting my code being mirrored. All my repositories are private. The offending user is taking code from CurseForge and putting it on GitHub. The CurseForge pages clearly state that all code is All Rights Reserved. This user has no right to mirror code with an All Rights Reserved license on GitHub.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private].

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
