Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am the authorized representative of Ricoh USA, Inc. I am a [private] at the law firm [private]. This law firm represents Ricoh USA, Inc. with respect to certain corporate and intellectual property matters.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Ricoh has invested significant resources in the development and continuation of its marketing and interface with its customers, and in the federal and international protection of its intellectual property, proprietary information and related data. This also includes prohibiting and protecting from the misuse of Ricoh’s intellectual property and proprietary information. This intellectual property includes data embodied in Ricoh’s code and scripts, or code repositories that link to Ricoh owned assets such as domains and subdivision servers. As such, misuse of Ricoh intellectual property includes, but is not limited to, controlling and owning code repositories and scripts that contain code that links to a Ricoh subversion server or that contain Ricoh proprietary information. It has come to our attention that [private] (with the GitHub username: greg-1-anderson) is the owner of a code repository hosted on GitHub that includes references to Ricoh information and links to a Ricoh subversion server. Specifically, this code contains a reference to geni.rintra.net which directly links to Ricoh owned domains and subdivision servers.

[private] is a former Ricoh [private]. Ricoh has reached out to [private] directly on multiple occasions to have the code at issue removed. [private] claimed in an email on [private] and further in communications on or about [private] that the infringing code was removed. However, to date the code is still publicly available and accessible on the GitHub website.

Any unauthorized use of Ricoh intellectual property and proprietary information by any individual is strictly prohibited under the law and by Ricoh policy. Further, as a former Ricoh [private] [private] is not authorized to maintain a code repository that includes references to Ricoh proprietary information and links to a Ricoh subversion server.

Ricoh requests that GitHub immediately and permanently remove the infringing code in its entirety from the GitHub platform and any forks that connect to it.

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice. I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described
above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration. I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/greg-1-anderson/utiliscripts/blob/bb9258cb9691a68c66d030787da6ddcad0b4a081/geni-git

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

We believe there are forks for https://github.com/greg-1-anderson/utiliscripts/blob/bb9258cb9691a68c66d030787da6ddcad0b4a081/geni-git

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

[private]  
[private]  

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
