Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

Dear GitHub Team,

I am [private] from Xmind [private]. We have recently discovered that an individual has been maliciously distributing cracked software and we believe the entire repository is infringing, but we only own the copyright to Xmind (Item 20), but it is not possible to only provide the link only to the specific file (If I was wrong, please let me know how I can provide the link. Thank you!).

[private]
  
This unauthorized distribution severely damages our company's interests. Therefore, we kindly request the removal of the respective page from your platform.

We highly value the integrity of intellectual property rights and respect the policies enforced by GitHub to combat copyright infringement. The presence of this pirated software not only violates our copyright but also undermines the trust and fairness within the software development community.

We have taken the necessary steps to protect our intellectual property, and we are actively addressing this issue through legal means. However, we urge you to take immediate action by removing the infringing repository from GitHub to prevent further dissemination of our copyrighted material.

Please find below the details of the infringing repository:

URL: https://github.com/QiuChenly/MyMacsAppCrack

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.

I have taken fair use into consideration.

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice

Sincerely,

[private]  
Xmind Ltd.  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  


Best Regards,



[private]  

Xmind Ltd. 
