While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
  
Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.  
  
**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**  
  
No  
  
**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**  
  
GitHub  
  
**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**  
  
I am an [private] for Microsoft. My scope of enforcement is for Minecraft within Mojang AB  
  
**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
  
Minecraft is a global phenomenon with a significant and loyal fan base and community. In order to protect the integrity of Minecraft and the vitality of the Minecraft community, Mojang owns and enforces all intellectual property rights in and to Minecraft, including internationally-registered trademarks and copyrights in the game, game characters, and related consumer products based on the same. Mojang’s trademark rights include but are not limited to common law and federally-registered rights in the MINECRAFT mark (U.S. Reg. No. 4,252,394). In addition, Mojang owns registered and unregistered copyrights in connection with Minecraft, including but not limited to U.S. Copyright Reg. Nos. VA 1-885-980, VA 1-885-976, VA 1-886-104, VA 1-885-991, VA 1-885-988, VA 1-886-003, VA 1-886-007, VA 1-885-995, VA 1-886-008, VA 1-885-983, VA 1-885-978, VA 1-885-999, VA 1-886-006, VA 1-886-005 and VA 1-885-990 for artwork and character designs featured in the game (Mojang’s intellectual property rights are collectively referred to as the “Minecraft IP”). Mojang takes its intellectual property rights seriously and enforces them vigorously.  
  
Mojang is keen to ensure that its community is treated fairly and safely, and that players and fans of Minecraft are not exploited. Mojang has therefore implemented the Minecraft EULA (https://www.minecraft.net/en-us/eula), which governs the use of Minecraft. The EULA prohibits, among other things, “giv[ing] copies of [Minecraft] to anyone else,” “mak[ing] commercial use of anything [Mojang] made,” and “try[ing] to make money from anything [Mojang] made.”  
  
**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**  
  
https://github.com/oncoursemail/eaglercraft  
  
**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**  
  
Yes  
  
**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**  
  
Please note: Based on the representative number of forks I have reviewed, I believe that all or most of the forks are infringing to the same extent as the parent.  
  
This user has presumably decompiled and reverse engineered portions of our code to find how to bypass our licensing checks and have the software run in a browser.  
  
**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**  
  
This user has presumably decompiled and reverse engineered portions of our code to find how to bypass our licensing checks and have the software run in a browser.  
  
**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
  
Please note: Based on the representative number of forks I have reviewed, I believe that all or most of the forks are infringing to the same extent as the parent.  
  
Yes - 59  
  
@1727859 1727859 / eaglercraft-1  
@bigbajabad bigbajabad / eaglercraft  
@billybobisverycool billybobisverycool / BIllyX1.3  
@boongus boongus[ / boongus.github.io](/boongus.github.io)  
@Bradley342 Bradley342 / eaglercraft  
@ChuckBeast423 ChuckBeast423 / EaglerCraft1.8.8  
@CloudWaddie CloudWaddie / eaglercraft  
@Crazygamer212 Crazygamer212 / eaglercraft  
@danielpro-rpi danielpro-rpi / connect  
@DuckiDeluxe DuckiDeluxe / eaglercraft  
@Eckerman-ia Eckerman-ia / mcccccccc  
@Emeraldfalco Emeraldfalco / eaglercraft  
@fhbgn fhbgn / eaglercraft  
@fvecds fvecds / eaglercraft  
@fwij fwij / eaglercraft  
@Gavintcos Gavintcos / eaglercraft-1  
@GCOBSLOL GCOBSLOL / eaglercraft  
@gualbertothe gualbertothe / eaglercraft  
@IforkProxies IforkProxies / eaglercraft  
@jman1593 jman1593 / eaglercraft-1  
@JoelyGuacamoleTheFirst JoelyGuacamoleTheFirst / eaglercraft  
@Ketancoder13 Ketancoder13 / eaglercraft  
@MacroHard-Winux MacroHard-Winux / eaglercraft  
@mekookpojp mekookpojp / eaglercraft  
@Mikelikesgames1 Mikelikesgames1 / eaglercraft  
@mikedoesgithub mikedoesgithub / eaglercraft  
@Mitchelliscool Mitchelliscool / eaglercraft  
@mmnbvcxzlkjhgfd mmnbvcxzlkjhgfd / all-Eaglercrafts  
@Mrgoldilocks Mrgoldilocks / connect  
@msn69420 msn69420 / eaglercraft-downloads  
@NeutralFace177 NeutralFace177 / minecraft  
@noob101 noob101 / eaglercraft  
@oksanaDevelop oksanaDevelop / eaglercraft-1  
@OMEGA6405 OMEGA6405 / eaglercrafter  
@Onyx234 Onyx234 / eaglercraft  
@PandaVR963 PandaVR963 / Eaglercraft-Server  
@Pikachu643 Pikachu643 / eaglercraft  
@Professorlouie Professorlouie / eaglercraft  
@rutheniumm rutheniumm / eaglercraft  
@SillyWabbitTrixAreForKids SillyWabbitTrixAreForKids / eaglercraft  
@snakemoddingiscoolandthisisalongname snakemoddingiscoolandthisisalongname / eaglercraft  
@SnesLover22 SnesLover22 / connect  
@spyneyCACDIZ spyneyCACDIZ / eaglercraftforTECH  
@SquishSquish19 SquishSquish19 / eaglercraft  
@Sunshine-the-eevee Sunshine-the-eevee / connect  
@TannerDumdei234 TannerDumdei234 / eaglercraft  
@TechKidJr TechKidJr / notsomething  
@ThePubGames ThePubGames / eaglercraft  
@TheRealDigitalMaster TheRealDigitalMaster / connect  
@theyenvyme1 theyenvyme1 / connect  
@TwoMuchNerdo TwoMuchNerdo / Eaglercraft-Client-Server-List  
@uiyyr uiyyr / eaglercraft  
@vrkid29 vrkid29 / eaglecraft  
@wafkee wafkee / connectphp  
@WeCanCodeForLife WeCanCodeForLife / Eaglercrraft  
@zacharyj562 zacharyj562 / eaglercraft  
@ZeroAnonymous ZeroAnonymous / sciencepro  
  
**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**  
  
No  
  
**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**  
  
Reported content must be removed  
  
**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**  
  
No  
  
**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**  
  
**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**  
  
**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**  
  
**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**  
  
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**  
  
[private]  
[private]  
  
Email is the best: [private]  
  
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**  
  
[private]  
