**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am the [private] of the original repository 'jenkins_k8s_template'。

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

I am the [private] of the original repository 'jenkins_k8s_template'. [private] uploaded this repository last year. wangyonghui888 forked that repository later somewhen. Then I got my company notice that [private] repository 'jenkins_k8s_template' include some company's sensitive data like docker repository website hostname. [private] deleted [private] repository 'jenkins_k8s_template' follow company's rule BUT recently, I found there is a fork of repository created by wangyonghui888 on https://github.com/wangyonghui888/jenkins_k8s_template . I can't contact wangyonghui888 successfully privately, So I submit this DMCA takedown notice to request the content should be removed.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/wangyonghui888/jenkins_k8s_template

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, I have. This one https://github.com/wangyonghui888/jenkins_k8s_template is all forks.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

NO.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The best solution is remove it.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

I find some emails which may be related to alleged infringer's contact info, I try to contact him with there info but no response until now (2021/8/18)

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
