Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I work for the company and the owner of corresponding internal project. 

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

his project contains the service interfaces related to the house source management of 58 Group. It can be seen from the files that the request interfaces are all domain names of 58 Group. Anjuke is a subsidiary of 58 Group

https://github.com/cash2one/shell-2/blob/a366448d8638de7b0bbc148eeba7c99c4555a8fa/shell/common-new.sh#L40  
line 40 contains Anjuke internal git adresses like [private], [private]

https://github.com/cash2one/ip_info/blob/3619b190cff7df3e18dd22523476c5eb45ac656f/libs/pmt/__init__.py#L6  
line 6 contains Anjuke internal api request addresses like [private]

The whole repository is devops scripts for  Anjuke's some services monitoring and some  software deployment

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The entire repo: https://github.com/cash2one/shell-2 

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

yes

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No, it is not licensed to be open source.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Ideally, they would remove the repo altogether. However, if they make it private, it will be fine within the usage but they need to keep it private.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No I do not.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken fair use into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

+[private]  
[private], [private], [private], [private]  
[private], [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
