Dear GitHub：

We are Nuctech Company Ltd.It is nice to be able to use GitHub such a professional and efficient platform, and now we have a need to be very hopefully able to get GitHub's support and resolution.

We have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filling a DMCA Notice.

Our company created a Repository called 'gongbei' in July this year , which contained creators , contents and domain name ([private]) are allowed by the company. Later found that before we deleted , the user named 'tiepingsheng' forked our entire Repository , and it still exists.

The following is GitHub's URL and screenshots about our forked Repository:
       
https://github.com/tiepingsheng/gongbei


As this project involves company's secrets , we hope GitHub as soon as possible to help us completely remove 'tiepingsheng/gongbei' and thank you very much!

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.I have taken fair use into consideration.  

And also include the following statement : I  swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and I am the copyright owner.

Hoping for your response and thanks again!
        
The following is our contact information:                   
Company Name : Nuctech Company Ltd.  
My e-mail Address : [private]  
Cellphone : [private]  
Company Address :  [private], [private], [private], [private], Haidian District, Beijing PRC, 100084            
Website : http://www.nuctech.com/

**Signature**  
[private]
