Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

My name is [private] and I am the [private] and [private] of TetNet

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

My original copyrighted work: https://github.com/IdreesInc/TetNet  
My write-up of the application: https://idreesinc.com/about-tetnet.html  
The copyrighted work is the source code for the application named TetNet, originally posted to my repo in the link above. TetNet is a genetic algorithm based Tetris bot that I wrote in the summer of 2016, a year before the code was copied into the other repo. I am the sole copyright owner of the codebase. All files relating to the application have been copied without legal authorization.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

Repository URL: https://github.com/llSourcell/How_to_make_an_evolutionary_tetris_bot  
All files for except presentation.ipynb for were plagiarized from my repository without legal permission and I request that the repository be taken down. I will list them here for clarity while the originals can be found in my repo (https://github.com/IdreesInc/TetNet).  
* https://github.com/llSourcell/How_to_make_an_evolutionary_tetris_bot/blob/master/Tetris.html  
Copied line for line, even says “Created by [private]” and lists my (obfuscated) personal email without permission  
* https://github.com/llSourcell/How_to_make_an_evolutionary_tetris_bot/blob/master/archive.json  
Once again copied line for line, I created this archive file on my own machine after running the bot overnight  
* https://github.com/llSourcell/How_to_make_an_evolutionary_tetris_bot/blob/master/lib/cerebrum.js  
Copied line for line once more.  
* https://github.com/llSourcell/How_to_make_an_evolutionary_tetris_bot/blob/master/tetnet.js  
All code copied directly from my source code with some decorative comments added in between. Plagiarism is obvious due to every line of code being exactly the same (bar the comments) as the original source from my repo, including all of my actual documentation.

The ReadMe states that the plagiarizing repo is a “wrapper” for my original code. This is untrue, the code is exactly the same as my original code with no additional “wrapper” functionality added. The author was not authorized to reproduce this code in any way, wrapper or otherwise.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes. For now I would like the forks to remain as they were not aware that the code was copied without permission. I will contact them individually as needed. Should this become a problem in the future I will create a separate DCMA request then.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Removing the repository would be the best solution, as it is misleading students into believing that I have authorized this outdated reproduction of my work by someone who has been shown to have ([private]) views on developer integrity in the past.
External to GitHub, [private] created a [private] video where he pretends to write the source code for the entire application line by line without any attribution to its original author. While the video has since been taken down due to copyright infringement (original link [here] ([private])), many still believe him to be the author of this code despite the “credits” at the end of the ReadMe in this repo. As I did not authorize this reproduction in any way, I do not believe [private] acted in good faith. Furthermore, if he truly wished to credit the original author he would only have needed to fork the repo instead of copying it entirely without legal permission.
Making the repository private is not an option unless necessary as it would fail to indicate that the repo was taken down due to a DCMA request. The source code being publicly available is not the problem (as indicated by my own repo existing), more so that it was made without legal permission and in bad faith. Closing the repository with a DCMA notice is the best way to avoid confusion among my students.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

Only the following info:  
Name: [private]  
[private]: [private]  
[private]: [private]  

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
