**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

I, [private] am the [private] of GoLooka both the company and private repository.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

GoLooka is an employment platform still in development. Its private repo is located here [private]. This repo includes, it’s frontend and backend code.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

[private] also known as DevmanTech on Github was a contractor we hired to work on parts of our project “GoLooka” which resides in our private organization repository.

The repository he made public a few days ago contains all out code, see reference “ https://github.com/devmanstech/golooka”.

We would like to request a total take down of this repo.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

From our understanding and what is being displayed on Github, the repo located on Devmantech has not been forked for the time being.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

The work is not licensed under open source and it is privately owned by Golooka LLC/Itraws Inc and I, it’s [private].

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

No, we would like to request the complete removal of mentioned repository from ans in the future.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

Whatsapp: [private]  
Email: [private]  
Skype: [private]

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Phone: [private]  
Email: [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
