Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md).

---


**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am an [private] of the company that holds the copyright

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

It has come to our attention that one of your users is using your site to host material that directly infringes on copyrights owned by Zakon Group LLC. It appears that this user is posting copyrighted portions of our software, OpenConf, in violation of the software license which prohibits redistribution of the software. Zakon Group is the sole owner of the OpenConf software and all its code files are subject to copyright protections. The only site from which OpenConf may be distributed is https://www.OpenConf.com. Most, if not all, of the files in the repository below include our copyright statement.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/WangWeiweivv/Web_applications_testing/tree/master/openconf-6.90

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Zakon Group will submit additional takedown notices for this user's infringing content as necessary.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

N/A

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

We request that you immediately notify the user of this notice, inform them of their duty to promptly remove the infringing material, and require them to cease any future use of your service to host Zakon Group’s copyrighted material. Alternatively, we request that you take down the infringing content and cease providing this user access to your services.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

N/A

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private], [private], [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
