Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

We are the authorized representative of RBL Bank and authorized to represent them in this report

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The sample code of bank account data report code from the mobile banking app given to developers for testing. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.rblbank.mobank&hl=en

-The reported copyrighted code is owned by RBL Bank and is used only for RBL Bank internal development and testing as well as for training. It is not to be reproduced outside of RBL Bank and be viewed publicly as it can be used by outside parties to gain access and advantage over RBL Bank apps and businesses. This users’ unauthorized use and reproduction of the work with out RBL Bank’s approval constitutes to copyright infringement and must be taken down.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/rajeshstomar/rst_testing_repo/blob/45fd4deede6ff73635417bd87ee3fbd53831fbac/library/App/Model/Util.php

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

N/A

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

Not open licensed

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Remove the php file https://github.com/rajeshstomar/rst_testing_repo/blob/45fd4deede6ff73635417bd87ee3fbd53831fbac/library/App/Model/Util.php

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No listed contact info on his account

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

+[private]  
[private], [private]  
[private], [private]  
[private], [private]  
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
