Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md).

---

From:
[private]  
[private]
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  

[private]  
[private]  
Princeton University  
Princeton, NJ 08544  
[private]

To:  
DMCA Agent, GitHub, Inc  
88 Colin P Kelly Jr St  
San Francisco, CA. 94107  
copyright@github.com

We, [private] and [private], are the authors and copyright
holders of the book, The Go Programming Language (Pearson, 2015,
https://gopl.io).

The following URLs are links to files in git repositories hosted by
your company that contain unauthorized and infringing electronic
complete copies of our book.

https://github.com/xXanth0s/books-1/blob/master/go/The.Go.Programming.Language.pdf  
https://github.com/dreamrover/gopl-pdf/blob/master/The%20Go%20Programming%20Language.pdf  
https://github.com/hassanjamal/books-1/blob/master/go/The.Go.Programming.Language.pdf  
https://github.com/dimateos/eBook-1/tree/master/The%20Go%20Programming%20Language%20-%20Alan%20A.A.%20Donovan

This letter is official notification under Section 512(c) of the
Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA), and we seek the removal of
the aforementioned infringing material from your servers. We request
that you immediately notify the infringer of this notice and inform
them of their duty to remove the infringing material immediately, and
notify them to cease any further posting of infringing material to
your server in the future.

Please also be advised that law requires you, as a service provider,
to remove or disable access to the infringing materials upon receiving
this notice. Under US law a service provider, such as yourself, enjoys
immunity from a copyright lawsuit provided that you act with
deliberate speed to investigate and rectify ongoing copyright
infringement. If service providers do not investigate and remove or
disable the infringing material this immunity is lost. Therefore, in
order for you to remain immune from a copyright infringement action
you will need to investigate and ultimately remove or otherwise
disable the infringing material from your servers with all due speed
should the direct infringer, your client, not comply immediately.

We have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials
described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the
copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. We have taken fair use into
consideration. We swear, under penalty of perjury, that the
information in this notification is accurate and that we are the
copyright owners of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
We have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

Should you wish to discuss this with us please contact us directly at
[private]. Thank you.

Yours faithfully,

/s/ [private]  
/s/ [private]
