Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am an attorney for Nutanix, Inc., acting on their behalf. The software published at the link below was created as a work-for-hire for Nutanix by an individual who was working for [private]. The individual was not authorized to publish the code in this manner. This is an unauthorized copy and distribution of Nutanix-owned software.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The software linked below that should be taken down is a Calm plugin for ServiceNow, which is an integration that connects a Nutanix product with the ServiceNow platform. More information about the integration can be found at this blog: https://www.nutanix.com/blog/nutanix-integration-with-servicenow

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The unauthorized source code is located at: https://github.com/NutanixCalsoft/NutanixCalsoft. The entire repository should be taken down.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

We have not identified any forks of the repository.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No, this source code has not been licensed under an open source license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

To remedy this infringement, the repository owner must remove the source code from the repository.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No, we do not have their contact information.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

1740 Technology Drive, Suite 150  
San Jose, CA 95110, United States

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
