**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am the authorised legal representative of the copyright owner, 10x Future Technologies Services Limited of 5 Howick Place, Victoria, London, SW1P 1WG, United Kingdom.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The copyright work is the 10X SUPERCORE banking platform software including the original source code for the same. The source code for the 10X SUPERCORE product is an original copyright work owned by our client. A portion of the source code has been reproduced on your website as detailed below. Further information about our client’s proprietary software may be found at https://www.10xbanking.com/platform. It is not possible to provide a URL to the original source code itself, because it is kept confidential.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The entire repository at the following URL: https://github.com/teopeurt/react-native-threatmetrix. Our understanding is that this repository consists solely of extracts taken from our client’s source code that have been reproduced exactly and without authorisation. The copy of our client’s source code being made available to the public on the GitHub service and/or reproduction of the same by users of your service accessing and/or downloading it infringes our client’s copyright. This is unacceptable to our client.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

We are not aware of any forks of the infringing repository. Any further reproduction of the copyright work in whole or in substantial part would also be considered an infringement of copyright in the work.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

The copyright work is not licensed under an open source licence.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Our understanding is that this repository consists solely of unauthorised copies of our client’s proprietary source code. Our client is therefore requesting that you disable expeditiously this repository in its entirety in accordance with your DMCA Takedown Policy.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

GitHub is requested to contact the account holder for the infringing repository using the contact details it has on file.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Address: [private]  
Telephone: [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private], [private]
