**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Hello, I and my friend [private] created a Software named PokeMate.  
There is only a paid version available and when you want to use it you would need to enter a license.  
And some people cracked it and published it on github and many people are downloading it from here please remove it or I need to go to my lawyer.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

PokeMate is a PokeMMO API where you can write and run your scripts.  
You can study all the functions in the #📖︱ᴅᴏᴄᴜᴍᴇɴᴛᴀᴛɪᴏɴꜱ.  
A little bit of coding knowledge is needed since the scripts need to be coded in Lua.  
You can share all the scripts with others.  
The best part about it is it runs fully in the background.  
You will need to buy a PokeMate License for it.  
To keep it safe a free version won't be available.

https://shoppy.gg/product/SDOK60B

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/FinishtT/POKEMATE-API

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

No, I didn't look for forks. But I think there are no forks since he only uploaded the .jar file and not the open-source project.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No there is no Open-Source-License.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

It has to be removed since he didn't create it and we are the creators.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

Sadly I don't have any contact information.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

+[private]  
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
