Dear GitHub,

 

I’m [private], a user of Github, my email address is [private], and my Github account is artpan. I’m glad to use such a professional and efficient platform.

 

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

 

 I have created a Repository called “artpan / sky” (https://github.com/artpan/sky) in 2018, as a documents backup site for my working projects of my company (“Shanghai Artosyn Microelectronics Limited”, “Artosyn”). The “sky” Repository contained many internal documents, such as design spec, design architecture, verification plans, testing reports, etc. for two IC design projects which I was leading, but the all the IP, know-how and Copyright of all those documents should belong to my company “Shanghai Artosyn Microelectronics”. Here are some screen shorts.



I have made a BIG MISTAKE to set “artpan / sky” Repository as a public Repository. In the early of this month, my company found that I have uploaded those documents to the public Repository, ask me to delete all the documents. I try to delete the whole Repository, but I find my “artpan / sky” Repository have two forks (“avesus / sky” https://github.com/avesus/sky and “ewrfedf / sky” https://github.com/ewrfedf/sky ). But if I delete my “artpan / sky” Repository, as GitHub’s rule, one of those two forks will automatically become a new master Repository. So I just deleted some most important documents, and try to contact the owner of the two forks to delete their fork Repository. Till now, I didn’t get response from the owner of the two fork, so I have to ask help from GitHub.

 

Since my “artpan / sky” Repository and its two forks “avesus / sky” and “artpan / sky” contains the Artosyn’s important design documents, product roadmaps, plannings, etc. which belong to Artosyn’s internal data assets, so I hope Github as soon as possible to help me completely remove my “artpan / sky” Repository and its two forks “avesus / sky” and “artpan / sky” and thank you very much!

 

The following is my contact information:

 

My email address: [private]

My Cell phone: [private]

My Company Name: Shanghai Artosyn Microelectronics Limited

My Company Address: 6 Floor, Tower 9, No. 308 Songhu Road, Shanghai, China

My Company Website: www.artosyn.cn

 

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

 

AND, I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

  

Looking forward for your response and thanks again.

 

Sincerely,

[private]
