**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

As a member of [private] I have authorization to act on the company's behalf.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Source code available from Expedia's 2015 copyright in:  
https://github.com/chalok/mccard-vault-client-app/blob/master/src/main/java/com/expedia/payment/vault/client/example/REST/RestClientFactory.java#L2  
https://github.com/chalok/mccard-vault-client-app/blob/master/src/main/java/com/expedia/payment/vault/client/example/App.java#L2  
https://github.com/chalok/mccard-vault-client-app/blob/master/src/main/java/com/expedia/payment/vault/client/example/tfinaltableint.txt  

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/chalok/mccard-vault-client-app/

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Only master branch is available throughout the repository.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

User was contacted over mail and acknowledged ownership. She has agreed to have the full repository deleted since she no longer has access to it and now uses a newer GitHub.com account.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

Owner name and contact email:  
[private] [private]

Please contact her

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
[private]  
1111 Expedia Group Way West, Seattle, WA 98119

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
