Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Hello,
IntSights is an international cyber intelligence provider. We serve as agents for our clients to identify and neutralize active cyber threats that endanger their brand, customers, and employees.

This letter is official notification under the provisions of Section 512(c) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) to effect removal of the above-reported infringements.

By acting on behalf of hdfc bank (www.hdfcbank.com), Please kindly remove the URL -https://github.com/abhi9640/hdfc/blob/master/img/logo1.png
It, therefore, asked us to have any infringing materials removed.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Our client’s original copyrighted work can be seen on top of their homepage – ‘hdfcbank.com/’ (written in white, with a blue background and the logo next to it – a small square with a red square around it).

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

github.com/abhi9640/hdfc/blob/master/img/logo1.png

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

No

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The best solution for the alleged infringement is to remove the image that contain the logo of our client

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Mailing address: [private], [private], [private]  
Phone number: [private]  
Email address: [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
