**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

IntSights is an international cyber intelligence provider. We serve as agents for our clients to identify and neutralize active cyber threats that endanger their brand, customers, and employees.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Hello,

IntSights is an international cyber intelligence provider. We serve as agents for our clients to identify and neutralize active cyber threats that endanger their brand, customers, and employees.

As the legal representatives of SEA Group, Shopee, Garena, Free Fire, Seamoney and Airpay (Seagroup.com) we request the immediate takedown of this website hosted on your servers: hxxps://hiepnguyn (.) github (.) io/shopee-ui/, carrying IP number [private], [private], [private], [private]

This website directly threatens our client by using their name and identifiers to steal sensitive information from their customers. It operates illegally and is active in aiding criminals in their fraudulent activities.

We request that you remove the website as soon as possible.

We appreciate your assistance in handling this matter.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

Not file, a URL that you are the hosting provider -  
https://hiepnguyn.github.io/shopee-ui/

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

No

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Remove this URL- https://hiepnguyn.github.io/shopee-ui/

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
