Dear team, thanks for your reply.
We are reporting the entire repository, as it stores sensitive content related to the AT&T brand without your consent.  The files shown previously were an example of the content that the repository stores, such as:

Addresses of the official brand sites, as well as the use of logos in some sections. 

Therefore, we're sending a DMCA again in order to remove the entire repository.

We are a Computer Emergency Response Team (MNEMO-CERT) responsible for providing incident response and security services to all organizations involved in the financial sector, critical infrastructure in the public and private sectors of Spain, Mexico, Colombia and Saudi Arabia. We have been notified that the following URL:   

·        https://github.com/Javier-OZ/app2-git 

AS        | IP                      | AS Name

[private]   | [private]     | GITHUB, US

The previous repository is a leak from an AT&T Mexico project. The organization does not know how the content was disclosed publicly.


We attach evidence of part of the project code contained in the repository (https://github.com/Javier-OZ/app2-git) which mentions the AT&T brand and needs to be removed completely .

image.png


MNEMO [private]  

Name of the person authorized to act: [private]

 

2.- Identification of the copyrighted work(s) claimed to have been infringed. It's available at:

https://marcia.impi.gob.mx/marcas/search/details/RM201501648748?s=2c1c64db-1361-47d7-adef-08af4acb91fa&m=g  

image.png




3. The work that we identified or we claim it has infringed: 

 Repository that is infringing:

 https://github.com/Javier-OZ/app2-git 
 
image.png
 

4. Detailed information about the author:

MNEMO-CERT  | [private] | [private] |  [private]|

 

5. A statement that the claimant has a good faith belief that use of the disputed material is not authorized by the copyright owner or his agent:

 I have a good faith belief that the use of the described material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or by operation of law.

 

6.  A statement, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification of copyright infringement is accurate and that the claimant is authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.

 The information in this notice is accurate and I swear under penalty of perjury that I am the copyright owner or a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringe



7. A statement, consider fair use:


I have taken fair use into consideration. 
