Dear team,

We are a Computer Emergency Response Team (MNEMO-CERT) responsible for providing incident response and security services to all organizations involved in the financial sector, critical infrastructure in the public and private sectors of Spain, Mexico, Colombia and Saudi Arabia. We have been notified that the following repository:   

https://github.com/rockderick/Sales_System/



AS        | IP                      | AS Name

[private]   | [private]     | GITHUB, US

The mentioned repository is a project related to AT&T Mexico since it is a leak of a project related to the institution, the organization does not know how the content was publicly disclosed. Use IUSACELL (owned by AT&T) related packages, without authorization.Use the brand name IUSACELL (owned by AT&T), in the publications, without authorization.

We appreciate your help to remove or block access to the repository.

If you consider it necessary, we can provide more information.

This is the information according the DMCA for a valid claim:

1. A physical or electronic signature of the copyright owner or a person authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf (the "Claimant")

[private]

MNEMO Evolution & Integration Services México

Name of the person authorized to act: [private]

2.- Identification of the copyrighted work(s) claimed to have been infringed. It’s available at:

[private]

[private]
 
3. The work that we identified, or we claim it has infringed:

Repository that is infringing:

https://github.com/rockderick/Sales_System/  
[private]  
Project code evidence:
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rockderick/Sales_System/a30d5917ce059eba75eef56e9adf5c8c2afc74bb/build/classes/admincatalogoweb/resources/ApplicationResources.properties  
[private]  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rockderick/Sales_System/a30d5917ce059eba75eef56e9adf5c8c2afc74bb/src/mx/com/iusacell/catalogo/utilerias/MasterKey.java  
[private]  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rockderick/Sales_System/a30d5917ce059eba75eef56e9adf5c8c2afc74bb/WebContent/META-INF/context.xml  
[private]  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rockderick/Sales_System/a30d5917ce059eba75eef56e9adf5c8c2afc74bb/build/classes/mx/com/iusacell/catalogo/utilerias/queriesSCCV.properties  
[private]  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rockderick/Sales_System/a30d5917ce059eba75eef56e9adf5c8c2afc74bb/src/mx/com/iusacell/catalogo/bd/ProveedorConexion.java  
[private]  

4. Detailed information about the author:

Mnemo-CERT  | [private] | [private] |  [private] |

5. A statement that the Claimant has a good faith belief that use of the disputed material is not authorized by the copyright owner or his agent

 I have a good faith belief that the use of the described material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or by operation of law.

6.  A statement, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification of copyright infringement is accurate and that the Claimant is authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.

 The information in this notice is accurate and I swear under penalty of perjury that I am the copyright owner or a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringe 

7. A statement, consideration fair use.


I have taken fair use into consideration.
