Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

Re:      DMCA Takedown Relating to the Unauthorized Use of Photo

To whom it may concern:

We represent [private], who is the sole copyright owner and exclusive rights holder of certain photographs and videos, including the photograph on the website identified in this letter (the “Work”).

Github is hosting the website http://handicappedhomosexual.com (the “Website”).  The Website has reproduced and is publicly displaying the Work, a copy of which is attached.

Pursuant to Section 512(c) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, we seek the immediate removal of the Work from your servers and that your service no longer reproduce, display publicly or distribute it, all of which uses are infringing. We request that you immediately notify the infringer of this notice to cease any further posting of infringing material to your server in the future.

We have a good faith belief that the use of the Work as listed above is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law (including, without limitation, fair use). We assert that the information in this notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, and that we are authorized to act on behalf of [private], the owner of the exclusive rights protected under Section 106 of The Copyright Act in and to the Work.

This letter does not constitute a waiver of any right to recover damages incurred by virtue of any such unauthorized activities, and such rights as well as claims for other relief are expressly retained.

You may contact me at the physical address, email address and/or telephone numbers provided above.

Sincerely,

/s/

[private]

[private] | [private]

[private]

Main: [private] | Direct: [private] | Cell: [private] |Fax: [private]

E-Mail: [private] | www.glaserweil.com
