**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

My name is [private] from iZOOlogic security company located in the United Kingdom. I am an authorized representative of our client Paytm which is mainly located in India. We are providing them with security services and brand protection.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The codes of the repository are used to clone one of our client's official websites - https://paytmmall.com. The purpose of the repository is evident by the name itself - "PayTM-Mall-Clone".

Please also check - https://github.com/Tushar-chauhan198/PayTM-Mall-Clone/blob/main/index.html

For your reference, our client's official website can be located at https://paytmmall.com.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The repository poses a grave threat to our client as this clone website can be used as a template by malicious actors to create an identical website with phishing features to defraud the public. We are requesting the removal of the whole repository.

For takedown: https://github.com/Tushar-chauhan198/PayTM-Mall-Clone

Please note we have not authorized the repository owner to clone the Paytm mall website. These repository and clones have been a huge threat to Paytm customers and the business as Paytm is constantly under threat of phishing attacks from multiple impersonating website that have copied and closed the official website. This repositories’ use of the copyrighted work without permission or consideration for the companies business for his own benefit is infringing and should be removed from GitHub.

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

No

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
