**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am [private], a [private] at CTM360.  
We are an authorized representatives on behalf of our client the BENEFIT Company.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Dear Team,

The reported repository in infringing our client The BENEFIT Company B.S.C.

BENEFIT is the only authority that is responsible for providing the payment gateway solution in the Kingdom of Bahrain.

The reported repository is using BENEFIT's name and content (the exclusive payment page) and modifying it without any authorization. The owner is saying that "accept BENEFIT payments through a modern, reliable interface that is optimized around the User Experience." this is clearly fake and false as there is no way to accept any payment through BENEFIT other than the gateway provided by the company itself.

Additionally, the owner is saying that it provides an integration with the payment gateway, along with the provided image for the payment page that could be customized to contain the user's details.

Almost all the content in this repository is infringing the BENEFIT company as the repository owner is initially created this fake package specifically for BENEFIT which can be clearly seen in the repo name "benefit-js".

Please investigate the case further and take the desired action accordingly.

Best Regards,

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/SingularityGuy/benefit-js

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, we can see that we have 2 forks in total:  
https://github.com/SingularityGuy/benefit-js  
https://github.com/yazinsai/benefit-js

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
Telephone Number: [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
