While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am the [private] of the resource.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

I am [private] of this resource, and I sell it myself on the link provided below.  
I have never released this resource with any license permitting redistribution in any form.  
Generally, the script requires a token that is generated by our order system to be used.  
This repository has removed that system and applied their own so they can resell it as they please.

The wikipedia can also be found at:  
https://github.com/meta-hub/mf-inventory

The original product (and storefront) can be found at:  
https://modit.store/products/mf-inventory?variant=39985142268087

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The entire repository, wiki included, should be removed.

https://github.com/MenanAk47/ak47_inventory  
https://github.com/MenanAk47/ak47_inventory/wiki

NOTE: The entire repository provided in the link above, and the wiki, are not permitted to be redistributed elsewhere.

The entire repository is a product sold exclusively to our customers, and the wiki is an unauthorized redistribution.

Please remove BOTH the wiki and the github repository, as requested initially.

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

When purchased through the legitimate means, your order has a token generation button available on our website, which will in turn generate a token for you to place inside of the resource configuration files. The token is then used to authorize the resource at start up, allowing the script to run correctly.

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

Yes, they seem to be using their own system similar to ours, likely contained within this file:
https://github.com/MenanAk47/ak47_inventory/blob/main/server/loader.lua

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

I have searched for forks, I have found none.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
