**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am one of 2 owners of this project, We are a 4 person team (Originally 5), until one of our team members left and stole the code for releasing it publicly.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

We have created code for a project, and one of our members left and publicly posted the code AND stole everyones work. He is illegally redistributing it among github and renamed our project. Or project is posted here in private - [private]  

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/jfrader/kz_phone

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

This is a stolen version of OUR code, as he was a part of our team, and left abruptly due to wanting to OWN our team/project. We have not seen any other forks currently of this project.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

We opened this project up as a PRIVATE project, and our full project agreement, per our team (I can provide screenshots and proof of conversation of this), was that the code is NOT to be re-uploaded anywhere until we are finished with said project. He is trying to license code that he did not write or implement at all.

We were in the process of creating a license, when he stole the code and re-uploaded it. We have a full Discord conversation with proof of this. We can invite someone from Github to view the Team Discord group chat, or we can retrieve screenshots of said conversation.

We did agree that this was a Non-Distributable License scenario until we created a full proper agreed license to the project.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

We want him to remove the project, NO he cannot make it private. He is stealing a project we are developing, and uploading it publicly for anyone to steal. This is our current teams project that is helping us stay afloat during these tough times, for one person to literally steal the code, quit the team and re-upload it without any permissions to do so.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

Discord: [private]  
Github: [private]  
Email: [private]  

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
Or Discord:[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
