DMCA Notice submitted by:  
[private]  
McDermott Will & Emery LLP  
  
Dear Github Copyright Agent,  
  
This firm is intellectual property counsel and authorized legal representative for Zodiac Pool Systems LLC and its related entities (collectively, "Zodiac"). I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.  
  
* Copyrighted work infringed:  
  
Zodiac is the owner of the JANDY software protocol that allows for the interconnectivity of Zodiac's pool products. More information can be found here: https://www.jandy.com/en/products/controls. The JANDY software is protected under copyright, trade secret, and contract law.  
  
* Infringing Material:  
  
This notice is to report that an unauthorized copy of the JANDY software protocol has been reproduced, displayed, and hosted at Github in violation of Zodiac's copyright at the following link:  
https://github.com/sfeakes/AqualinkD/wiki/Jandy-Aqualink-RS485-protocol  
  
* Takedown Request:  
  
This letter is official notification under Section 512(c) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"), and we seek the immediate removal of the above-identified protocol from the noted user account and Github servers.  
  
We have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing user account is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. We have taken fair use into consideration.  
  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the exclusive right mentioned above that is infringed. This notice is submitted without prejudice to Zodiac's rights, legal or equitable, all of which are expressly reserved herein. We look forward to hearing from you.  
  
Sincerely,  
/s/ [private]   
Authorized legal representative for Zodiac Pool Systems LLC  
  
