**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am [private] at feldroy.com, the only legal distributor for Two Scoops of Django.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Two Scoops of Django is the best practices book for Django authored by [private] and [private]. The official product page is https://www.feldroy.com/collections/two-scoops-press

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/anupsd1/All-projects-including-for-footbuys/blob/17bbbc7c3a14c6710a999a9021558d99bfbbad1a/Daniel-Roy-Greenfeld-Audrey-Roy-Greenfeld-Two-Scoops-of-Django_-Best-Practices-for-Django-1.8-Two-Scoops-Press-2015.pdf

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

We are searching your site for all incidences of piracy of our copyrighted material.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No, this is not open source. There is no open source license. Our copyright products are not for open source-style distribution.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The best solution is for GitHub to remove the offending material. In accordance with international law, it is your obligation to remove materials that violate copyright law. We are under no onus to contact the offending party, especially when the volume of piracy on GitHub is so common.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No, we do not have the infringer’s contact information. They are using GitHub as a platform to illegally distribute copyrighted material. We ask that GitHub remove the material in accordance with international copyright law.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
9410 Owensmouth Ave.  
Studio #1  
Chatsworth, CA 91311

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
