Dear Madam/Sir,  
  
This is in accordance with the Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act (OCILLA), a part of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act 1998 (DMCA), requesting the service providers to be held strictly liable for the acts of their users & immediately cease the access to copyrighted material. We have found an infringing material in a website which is using your services and further sharing an unauthorized application to end-users providing copyright content (Details listed below). The material that is claimed to be infringing is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled immediately and avoid the growth of piracy. Below is/are the details for your reference:  
  
Infringing Websites:  
https://pika-show.github.io/  
  
Infringed TV Channels:  
Star Plus  
Star World  
Star Bharat  
Star Gold HD  
Star Sports 1 Hindi  
Star Sports 1 HD  
  
Infringed Copyright Properties:  
Criminal Justice  
City Of Dreams  
Roar Of The Lion  
Special Ops  
Out Of Love  
Chhappad Phaad Ke  
The Office  
Hostages  
Tanhaiyan  
Sarabhai Vs Sarabhai  
Suffering From Pyaar  
On Air With Aib  
Kanpuriye  
Hundred  
Aarya  
Baaghi 2  
Badhaai Ho  
Bala  
Chhapaak  
Chhichhore  
De De Pyaar De  
Dheet Patangey  
Fidaa  
Funbaaz  
Hanuman Vs Mahiravana  
Helicopter Eela  
Housefull 4  
India'S Most Wanted  
Junglee  
Kaala  
Love Sonia  
Mission Mangal  
Pink  
Raid  
Rubru Roshni  
Sanju  
Super 30  
Tanhaji  
Taqdeer  
Tennis Buddies  
Total Dhamaal  
Antharyudh  
Bioscopewala  
Panga  
Copy  
Baaghi 3  
Angrezi Medium  
Dil Bechara  
Lootcase  
Khuda Haafiz  
  
We have good faith & belief that the use of the described material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.The information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.We hereby declare that the information in the notification is accurate to the best of our knowledge & belief.  
  
AUTHORIZATION LETTER OF THE COPYRIGHT OWNER (OR PERSON/COMPANY REPRESENTING)  
http://markscan.co.in/LOA_HOTSTAR.pdf  
  
A DOCUMENT PROVING THAT THE MATERIALS ARE COPYRIGHTED AND BELONG TO OWNER (OR PERSON/COMPANY REPRESENTING)  
https://www.hotstar.com/in/channels  
  
DIGITAL SIGNATURE FOR COPYRIGHT CLAIM  
[private]  
MarkScan  
Email: internet.enforcement@markscan.in  
E-14C 1st floor, Sector 8, Noida U.P. India.  
Ph: [private], Website: www.markscan.co.in.  
  
COPYRIGHT OWNERS:  
Novi Digital Entertainment Pvt. Ltd. Star House, Urmi Estate, 95, Ganpatrao Kadam Marg, Lower Parel (West), Mumbai - 400013, India. Ph No. [private] Fax No. [private]  
  
Regards,  
MarkScan Internet Enforcement Team  
