DMCA TAKEDOWN NOTICE

To Whom It May Concern,

The following information serves to assert my rights and request removal
of allegedly infringing web content under the Digital Millennium
Copyright Act (DMCA). The following is a report, in good faith, of
alleged copyright infringement. I am contacting you as the designated
agent for the site upon which the infringing work currently appears.
This letter is a Notice of Infringement as authorized in ยง512(c) of the
U.S. Copyright Law.

I am the copyright owner of the works and the following is true and
accurate.

1. The original work, for which I claim copyright, appears, with our
permission, at the following locations online:  

http://www.hushdating.app

2. Copies of our original copyrighted work are available to assist you
in your evaluation and determination are available at the above URLs

3. The allegedly infringing code appears at the following location(s)
online:

https://github.com/fulldev317/Hush

4. My contact information, as copyright holder, is as follows: 

Hush Connections Ltd, [private]  
[private]

5. The information of the alleged copyright infringer is: 

User fulldev317

6. We have a good faith belief the use of the above reference
copyrighted work(s) that appears on the website for which you are the
designated DMCA agent is not authorized by the copyright owner, its
agent, or by law.

I declare, under penalty of perjury, this notice is true and correct and
that we are the copyright owner entitled to exclusive rights which I
allege are being infringed.

Signed this 8th day of September, 2020 in LONDON, UNITED KINGDOM.

[private]  
On behalf of Hush Connections Ltd  
