**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Hello,

We received an alert that internal Amadeus data was published on GitHub.  
The content was developed for and owned by Amadeus IT Group SA.

During an internship, the source code was published on GitHub, when it should have stayed on our internal corporate solution.  
Please also note that the data is sensitive, as it exposes our internal architecture and can facilitate to orchestrate an attack on our applications, so it poses a clear security risk.

The original folder was already removed, but several forks remain.  

The original repository was located here:  
[private]  
These are the forks we identified:  
https://github.com/Anth0nyWu/PAi-16  
https://github.com/cegarciav/PAi-16

Could you please urgently remove these remaining forks?

Thank you and best regards,

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The content was developed for and owned by Amadeus IT Group SA.  
During an internship, the source code was published on GitHub, when it should have stayed on our internal corporate solution.  
The original repository was located here:  
[private]

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The remaining forks should be removed:  
https://github.com/Anth0nyWu/PAi-16  
https://github.com/cegarciav/PAi-16

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

We have only identified these 2 forks, which should be removed:  
https://github.com/Anth0nyWu/PAi-16  
https://github.com/cegarciav/PAi-16

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

The content was developed for and owned by Amadeus IT Group SA.  
During an internship, the source code was published on GitHub, when it should have stayed on our internal corporate solution.  
Please also note that the data contains internal memory leaks reports from our environments.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

We contacted the author who removed the original repository, but we also require the forks to be taken down.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

The original author was [private], an intern with Amadeus during 2019:  
[private]

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
Amadeus s.a.s.  
[private]  
[private]  
T: [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
