I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

We recently learned that a user ([private]) posted content owned by our company, DataCamp, Inc. on Github - thereby exposing paid DataCamp content to the public. The post can be found here: https://github.com/basitaminbhatti/DataCamp_Data_Scientist_with_Python_2020.

Our course information can be found here: https://learn.datacamp.com/career-tracks/data-scientist-with-python, but is not limited to this track. This user has taken content verbatim from various courses, projects and other DataCamp content that is owned by DataCamp.

These actions are a violation of DataCamp’s Terms of Use [See Sections 3.1 and 7.3].

This user must remove all of this content. Please note that there 29 forks that must also be removed. If there are other sources of information this user has posted from DataCamp, they must be taken down immediately.

We've reached out to the user to take down the post, but they have not followed up or taken action.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

[private]  
[private], DataCamp Inc.    
[private]  
[private]  
Empire State Building  
350 5th Ave, Floor 77  
New York, NY 10118  
