**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I work for Genesis Digital LLC as [private] and have been instructed by the CTO / part owner, [private], to submit this notice.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Two weeks back, access was granted mistakenly to an unauthorised person to some repositories that contain our Ansible configurations and templates used in our applications (WebinarJam and Kartra). This happened due to human error - the person's username (vladgba) was very similar to one of our colleagues ([private]). These repositories are hosted in Gitlab (we are in the process of moving them over under our Github organisation).

His access was revoked one day later, but in that time Vladgba downloaded all of the repos he had unauthorised access to.

About 3 days ago, he posted all of our proprietary and copyrighted work that was part of the repositories on Gitlab in a public repository under his account, which we are requesting to be taken down: 
https://github.com/vladgba/genesisdigital  

The only commit in the repo contains a comment listing myself, [private] and my colleague [private] as the authors.
https://github.com/vladgba/genesisdigital/commit/ac47efc8ae6702ae583883988642b6806995b670

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/vladgba/genesisdigital  

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

I could not find any forks.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The other person must take down the entire repository. All files in the repository are the property of Genesis Digital LLC.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

vladgba <[private]>

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
