**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

We, Klik en Klaar Development, are the copyright owner of Atlas.  
From the year 2016 until early 2018 we hired [private] as a developer.  
He was paid as an independent contractor for work for hire.  
He signed an NDA with us and in his contract agreed that he was making work for hire.  
He has now posted a project he was hired to make back then on GitHub.  
This project contains privileged code owned by Klik en Klaar Development.  
It also contains code of our other developers, which he posted without company permission.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The entire project is considered IP owned by Klik en Klaar Development.  
This is covered by both the employment contract and NDA signed by [private].

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/SonamDev/Atlas

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

We have not found any forks of the project.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

We wish for the entire project to be deleted from [private]'s GitHub.  
According to his NDA he was supposed to remove all code he made for us after being fired.
We have asked him to do so in the past.
[private] was fired from my company for breaching contract, leaking information and attempting to break into systems he was not granted access to.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
[private] of Klik en Klaar Development  
[private]  
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
