**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

2 hours ago someone called meti7khat published a private project, which belongs to me, it's a leaked version of my scripts and he has no right to publish them

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

[private] (Eligible Repository)  
https://github.com/Meti7Khat/IRPixel (Leaked Repository)

It's a private project on GitLab access can be granted if requested too, this project was made back in 2019

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The whole project should be taken down as it does not belong to this person and he doesn't have any right to publish that

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

https://github.com/love-sick/IRPixel

One fork is available right now and it should be taken down

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

It's not an open-source project at all, it's a private project which hosted on GitLab, and leaked by this guy and now he is publishing this resources

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

There is no solution as the whole project is private, His main purpose was to destroy this project by publishing it

The only option is full removal

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

Git: https://github.com/Meti7Khat/IRPixel
Discord: [private]  

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  

But I have to mention I live in [private] so it would be hard to reach

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
