**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Contact Information of official representative:

ryghts GmbH   
[private]  
[private]  

Name of the rights owner:
DFL Deutsche Fussball Liga e.V

The content is made available to the public on the internet without the consent of our client; therefore, they constitute illegal acts of communication to the public. Accordingly, we are reaching out to you to stop the illegal transmission through external links containing IPTV/CCCAM/OSCAM - illegal TV broadcasting and streaming - sources, with which users can access and/or download unauthorized copyrighted contents, exclusively owned by DFL Deutsche Fussball Liga e.V.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Description of original work:
DFL Bundesliga - Matchday - (1) Football Footage / (2) Stadium Footage

(1) The original work is being used in extracts in a highlight clip using the original base signal. Each base signal produced is a cinematographic work, or a work created similarly to a cinematographic work, within the meaning of Sec. 2 (1) No. 6, (2), Sec. 94 German Copyright Act (GCA). All rights arising from the production are transferred to DFL Deutsche Fussball e.V. at the moment of occurrence for exclusive, transferable and unrestricted use as regards time, territory and content. Since the rights are always exploited exclusively, all other uses are naturally infringements of our rights.

(2) According to the ground regulations it is not allowed to publish and/or distribute any material (meaning audio, visual or audio-visual) recorded autonomously during match or league operations of DFL Deutsche Fussball Liga GmbH and its respective clubs without prior approval of DFL Deutsche Fussball Liga e.V. .

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/iptv-org/iptv

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

/

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

/

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

After having been notified with this notice of the clear rights infringement(s) listed above, and the failure of compliance by the streaming platform, you are obliged to immediately take down the content mentioned above, and to take sufficient preventative measures to ensure that further rights infringements of the same type do not occur.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

/

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
