**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am the Intellectual Property Director for the SANS Institute and a designated agent for all DMCA claims and counter-claims.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

This claim is for a violation of 17 U.S.C. § 1201, which prohibits circumvention of copyright protection systems. The issue at hand relates to the SANS OnDemand video service. This is a streaming video system whereby students that have paid to take a particular class via OnDemand have access to the course via streaming video for a limited amount of time. Students do not have the option and are not authorized to download the videos as they are copyrighted by the SANS Institute and we do not grant the students permission to copy the videos by any means.

The sans-ondemand-download, found at https://github.com/eddiez9/sans-ondemand-download is specifically designed to circumvent this design and allow an individual to download our copyrighted material without our permission. The readme.md file explicitly states that the purpose of the software is to download our videos, which is a circumvention of our copyrights. As such this falls under the jurisdiction of 17 U.S.C. § 1201 and we request removal of the repository.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The entire repository located at https://github.com/eddiez9/sans-ondemand-download

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

There do not appear to be any forks

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

There is no open source license noted.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

No, the software itself is a violation of 17 U.S.C. § 1201 and must be removed.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

[private]  

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
