**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

You have already kindly taken down our content in accordance with our last takedown request (https://github.com/khs125/Trackd_Music)

As explained to you in the support email, this Developer has now posted our code AGAIN to a new repository.

This is the new repository.
https://github.com/andreykarpov120/Trackd_Music

[private] is therefore a repeat offender.

We have already submitted sufficient evidence previously to prove title on the work to Trident Cloud Limited, and our App Trackd.

We wish you take take action to remove ALL content that has any reference to Trackd.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

[private] is a repeat offender.

https://github.com/andreykarpov120/Trackd_Music

We wish you take take action to remove ALL content that has any reference to Trackd.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/andreykarpov120/Trackd_Music

We wish you take take action to remove ALL content throughout GitHub that has any reference to Trackd or Trackd. Music.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

We will need you assistance here.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

[private] is breaking the LAW and therefore you must comply with us to STOP HIM.

It is in your interest too to not allow further copies of our COPYRIGHTED MATERIAL to be distributed through your platform.

I suggest you start with closing [private] and his associate, [private] accounts.

Their names and details are:
[private]  

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

Their names and details are:
[private]  

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
