**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

We, EdVoid, are the copyright owner of the "Text to image generation ML module"

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

We are a Indian Ed-Tech company and the owner and sole distributor of "Text to image generation ML module"

This module is available to download for free, and Repository owner also applied a "Apache" License here. You can see this file as proof https://github.com/LeadingIndiaAI/Text-to-Image-generation-using-Generative-Adversarial-Networks-on-a-dataset-of-flower-images/blob/58d17cdd6f0ba7eed67933076a7f139f09f358cb/json_data_retrieval.py This file was written [private] and you can still see [private] API rohitcoder.cf

They modified this repository https://github.com/LeadingIndiaAI/Text-to-Image-generation-using-Generative-Adversarial-Networks-on-a-dataset-of-flower-images/tree/58d17cdd6f0ba7eed67933076a7f139f09f358cb with our code and made it public to use.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/LeadingIndiaAI/Text-to-Image-generation-using-Generative-Adversarial-Networks-on-a-dataset-of-flower-images

[private]

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes all forked project contains my content.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No, its not open source license, these guys just copied our code and applied Apache license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

We want this Repository should be Removed ASAP, or we will take further actions.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

[private]  
[private]  
https://github.com/LeadingIndiaAI

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
