**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I’m the owner of Data Center Management Platform source code.
I am the [private] of our company. My name is [private], My job responsibility is to find out the company sensitive information that employees have wrongly uploaded to GitHub.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

https://github.com/wjy550823795 This is the repository that our employees uploaded with a lot of company code , It contains a large number of our company app code development source code,Contains a lot of hard coded extremely sensitive information . We contacted our employees who upload this repos , Her delete this project but we found this project forked by https://github.com/GPC-debug?tab=repositories. We need you help we to takedown this repos and help me find if there has any forked version we not found.  

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**  

https://github.com/GPC-debug/java-Achievements  
https://github.com/GPC-debug/wangjunyu.5508  

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  

Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.We've searched the following, and we're only looking at  
https://github.com/GPC-debug/wangjunyu.5508.  
https://github.com/GPC-debug/java-Achievements.  

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

These files have not obtained any open source license. The internal code of our company is stored in our internal repository, which was uploaded by mistake.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

We require to delete all infringing contents in the warehouse. and requesting you to stop the above-mentioned infringement behavior immediately after receiving this notice, delete and offline the infringement content within 24 hours, and ban the infringement accounts.
After this letter is issued, we will also follow up the feedback and reserve the right to take further legal action.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

tel:[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
