**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
  
Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.  
  
**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**  
  
The content contains proprietary trade secret information belonging to Offensive Security. I am authorised to contact you on behalf of Offensive Security in this matter.  
  
Posting of Offensive Security's content is not authorized by Offensive Security, any of its agents, or by law. Pursuant to this notification, immediately take steps to locate and remove and disable access to the Offensive Security content on your platform at the url detailed below. As a service provider, you may otherwise be liable for copyright infringement if, upon obtaining knowledge or awareness of infringing material being stored upon your network, you do not act expeditiously to remove, or disable access to, the material. 17 U.S.C. § 512(c)].  
  
**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
  
The course is available for sale on our website at: https://www.offensive-security.com/pwk-oscp/  
  
**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**  
  
https://github.com/mriu/pwk  
  
**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
  
N/A  
  
**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
  
N/A  
  
**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**  
  
Take expeditious action to remove or disable access to the content described above and prevent the illegal reproduction and distribution of this material via your company's network.  
  
**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**  
  
[private]  
  
**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**  
  
**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**  
  
**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**  
  
**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**  
  
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**  
  
[private]  
  
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**  
  
[private]
