Subject: Take-down Request under DMCA<br>
Date: January 27, 2012

Dear GitHub Copyright Agent,

On behalf of my coauthor, [private], and myself, [private], I am requesting the the following material be permanently removed or disabled: <https://github.com/sevvie/wee-prototype> and <https://github.com/sevvie/wee-prototype/blob/master/doc/SKETCHES>. The posting of this violates our intellectual property rights.

Specifically, this involves copyrighted material published by us in hardcopy in Developments in Business Simulation and Experiential Learning, Volume 34, pages 201-204 in March 2007. This content may also be located electronically as part of the Bernie Keyes Library via <http://sbaweb.wayne.edu/~absel/bkl/vol34/34bd.pdf>.

[private] does not have either [private] or my permission to be posting this material. She was contacted on Tuesday, January 24, 2012 by email by [private] at my request and asked to remove this proprietary content within the next 24 hours. This has not happened as of this email, approximately 80 hours later. [private] then contacted you and upon your reply let me know that I needed to contact you myself.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Thank you for your assistance in this matter,

[private]<br>
Project lead and designer for THE WEE GAME
