GitHub Inc <br/>
Attn: DMCA takedown <br/>
548 4th St. <br/>
San Francisco, CA. 94107<br/>

copyright@github.com

RE: <http://beneaththeweb.wordpress.com/2012/01/20/4/>

My name is [private]. and I am the General Counsel of Grindr LLC. A website that your company hosts is infringing on at least one copyright owned by my company. Software, trademarks, and other copyrighted content was copied onto your servers without permission. The original copyrighted material, to which we own the exclusive copyrights, can be found at:

<http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/grindr-xtra/id319881193?mt=8>

The unauthorized and infringing copy can be found at:

<https://github.com/rdnirg/rdnirg>

This letter is official notification under Section 512(c) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"), and I seek the removal of the aforementioned infringing material from your servers. I request that you immediately notify the infringer of this notice and inform them of their duty to remove the infringing material immediately, and notify them to cease any further posting of infringing material to your server in the future.

I am providing this notice in good faith and with the reasonable belief that rights my company owns are being infringed. Under penalty of perjury I certify that the information contained in the notification is both true and accurate, and I have the authority to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright(s) involved.

Should you wish to discuss this with me please contact me directly.

Thank you.

/s/

[private]
