Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to make changes
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md).

---

To whom it may concern:

This firm represents Amazon.com, Inc. It has come to our attention that one of your
users is using your site to host material that directly infringes on copyrights owned by Amazon.
It appears that this user is posting copyrighted portions of live questions from Amazon’s SDE
II online assessment in a public forum. The URL at which this user has published Amazon’s
copyrighted content is:

https://github.com/apollo629/code-katas/blob/master/src/main/java/com/byinal/amcat/Prime.java

Amazon is the sole owner of its SDE II online assessment and all the test questions
comprising those assessments are subject to copyright protections. Amazon takes great care to
protect the academic integrity of its coding-skill assessment process, and it has not authorized
the use or distribution of any of its test questions or corresponding solutions. URLs at which
Amazon’s copyrighted material can be seen provided below:

[private]


This letter serves as official notice under Section 512(c) of the Digital Millennium
Copyright Act (DMCA) that this user is infringing on copyrights owned solely by Amazon.
We request that you immediately notify the user of this notice, inform them of their duty to
promptly remove the infringing material, and require them to cease any future use of your
service to host Amazon’s copyrighted material. Alternatively, we request that you take down
the infringing content and cease providing this user access to your services.

Please be advised that the law requires you, as the service provider, to “expeditiously
remove or disable access” to the infringing material upon receipt of this notice. Under federal
law, a service provider enjoys immunity from a copyright lawsuit provided it acts with
deliberate speed to investigate and rectify ongoing copyright infringement. Noncompliance
may result in loss of immunity for liability under the DMCA.

I am providing this notice with a good faith belief that the use of the materials in the
manner complained of herein is not authorized by the copyright holder or by operation of law.

I certify, under penalty of perjury, that the information contained in this notification is true and
accurate, and that I have the authority to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright involved.

Should you wish to discuss this further, please contact me directly. Thank you in
advance for your prompt attention to this request.

Sincerely,  
SUMMIT LAW GROUP, PLLC

[private]

[private]

[private]

315 5th Ave S [private]  
Seattle, Washington 98104
