Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to make changes
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am a contributor along side the team at https://github.com/ogwsb, we are working on a private repository owned by the organization and I am to speak out for the group.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Our repository can be found here: [private] . Note that it is private as the security of the code and database passwords are important to us. It is a discord bot that is able to moderate servers, play casino games, and more. There is near no additional code added to his public repository (only the [private] added to the top of the README.md) when compared to some previous versions, even publicizing our database IP and password.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/noindexinvest/ogwsb

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Have not found any other forks or repositories.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

There is no open source license, the original code is in a private repository and was not expected to be publicized or ever licensed out. Our work is explicitly an unlicensed proprietary project inside a private repo, they are now hosting stolen unlicensed proprietary code.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The best solution of this would be for the majority of the repository to be removed. pipfile, procfile, test.pip, and requirements.txt, are the only new files. There are minimal changes made to the public repository compared to previous versions of our private repository. This is not their work nor did they take part in it.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

https://github.com/noindexinvest

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
