**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

My name is [private] and I am authorized to represent our client, RAKBANK.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

https://github.com/Ramamoorthyk/RAKBANKPOC

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/Ramamoorthyk/RAKBANKPOC

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

N/A

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

Please note that as part of the interview process RAKBANK gave the developers a sample app/web development test and ask them to submit it for code review.
These folders are created by candidates for test submissions, the original copy of this cannot be found on the internet but rather owned and provided by RAKBANK.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

RAKBANK also provided advice to the applicants to delete these repositories in case the interview was over whether they pass or fail. Unfortunately, the applicants have failed to remove these repositories and the applicants are not replying back to RAKBANK's removal request. As the owners are not willing to remove these repositories. Kindly remove these repositories.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

We have no access to the infringer's contact details.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

+[private]  
[private], [private]  
[private], [private]  
[private], [private]  
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
