Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to make changes
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md).

---

To Github,

I found that there are some repo, the code is completely consistent with my code, I am the copyright owner of the source code , but they are infringing:

https://github.com/frankfromearth/someprojects/blob/master/aikucun_project/aikucunpaymentweb2/src/main/resources/prod/payment.properties


[private]

https://github.com/frankfromearth/someprojects/blob/master/aikucun_project/aikucun-android/app/build.gradle

[private]

aikucun.com and inpay.aikucun.com is our company domain, all the repo source code belong to our’s.

I would like to remove and disable the above repositories due to infringement of our codebase. I have since reviewed and investigated a substantial amount of forked repos (example listed below). All the forked repos are infringing to the same extent as the parent repository. I would like to remove and disable all the forked repositories as well.
 

This letter is official notification under the provisions of Section 512(c) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) to effect removal of the above-reported infringement. I request that you immediately remove the specified posting and prevent the infringer, who is identified by its web address. Please be advised that law requires you, as a service provider, to “expeditiously remove or disable access to” the infringing code upon receiving this notice. Noncompliance may result in a loss of immunity for liability under the DMCA.

 

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

 

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

 

I have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of here is not authorized by me, the copyright holder, or the law. The information provided here is accurate to the best of my knowledge. I swear under penalty of perjury that I am the copyright holder.

 

Please send me at the address noted below a prompt response indicating the actions you have taken to resolve this matter.

 

Sincerely,

[private]


[private]

[private] | 渗透测试

上海众旦信息科技有限公司

上海市 浦东新区 世博馆路52号 鲁能国际中心 B座

手机：[private]

邮箱：[private]

网址：www.mengxiang.com

