**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am the [private] of Technology for Medqor.com - I was informed that a former developer has copied one of our repositories and hosted it on his personal GitHub account as a PUBLIC repo. This former employee DIED in 2020 and it appears he was the only person with access to his personal GitHub Account.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The code repository is a copy of our backend services. It was discovered that the copy in the former employee's personal account has exposed confidential credentials to our databases and other services - see: https://github.com/marvinfrancois/ch-backend

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The entire repo should be removed - https://github.com/marvinfrancois/ch-backend

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

YES. No other copies were found outside of our control.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

NO. All code is privately owned by Medqor.com, my employer.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Complete removal of the repository. The former employee has died and no other person has access to his GitHub account.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

The former employee has died and no other person has access to his GitHub account.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**
[private]  
[private], Medqor.com  
[private] (mobile)  
9:00 AM - 5:00 PM EST  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
