Dear Github Admin:

Very glad to meet you here. I am [private] , as the [private] from Sichuan Kingscheme Information Technology CO.,LTD in China.  It is very nice to be able to use  Github such a professional and efficient platform. I'm wirting this email is that we have a strong and urgent needs to get your great support. Much appreciated of your big favor.

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.
 
Background here:  
            Recently, We found the earlier source code of 2018 is still open and public on Github , which is critical exposure issue from security perspective. Github information detailes as below:  
            Repository info: https://github.com/328007454/work_backup  
            owner: 328007454  
            Updated Time:2018-12-24  
            Fork List:  
                        https://github.com/saritdasanko/work_backup  
           Evidence screenshot :  
           [private]  
                
                
            
      
  This project which containes code,contents,document and domain name(cnksi.com) are all owned by my company;  and it contains the company's important source code,algorithm and system configuration information, which belongs to my company(Kingscheme)'s internal data assets.
      We've being finding solution to fix this cirtical issue.  We tried best to contact the above Repository owner. in order to delete this project and fork project, but failed.  So, we hope Github Administrator can help us completely remove main project and fork project as soon as possible.  To aovid any further exposure and risk.

The following is our contact information:  
Company Name：Sichuan Kingscheme Information Technology CO.,LTD.  
My e-mail Address: [private]  
Cellphone: +[private]  
Company Address: [private], [private] ,[private] ,[private]  
Website: www.cnksi.com

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**


 Looking forward your response!! Any questions, feel free to let me know. 
       
Sincerely,  
[private]  
