Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to make changes
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md).

---

https://raw.githubusercontent.com - 185.199.109.133  
Copyright Claims Department  
GitHub, Inc.  
US  
88 Colin P. Kelly Jr. Street  
94107  
San Francisco  
UNITED STATES

Sub: Unauthorised Broadcasts of Audio-visual Footage from the VIVO Indian Premier League 2021

I am an agent authorised to act on behalf of the owner of intellectual property rights. The intellectual property rights include the copyright in and the rights to broadcast live cricket matches of the VIVO Indian Premier League 2021 ("League") organised under the auspices of the Board of Control for Cricket in India (“BCCI”). These rights include, without limitation, TV Live Broadcast Rights and TV Highlights Rights, Mobile Rights and Internet Rights for Live, Deferred, Delayed broadcasts and Highlights for all matches of the League (“Matches”) on television and on the Internet (“Exclusive Rights”). These Exclusive Rights originate with the BCCI, and the BCCI and its authorised licensees are entitled to enforce these rights. For your information, these Exclusive Rights have been granted to STAR India Private Limited (“STAR”) for the entire world (“Territory”) and the digital rights have been granted to Novi Digital Entertainment Pvt. Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary of STAR, for the territory of India.

Proprietary audio-visual footage and production content relating to the Matches ("Copyrighted Content") will be transmitted with license and authorisation on various platforms from the India by STAR and its authorised sub licensees in the Territory.

The Copyrighted Content has been identified and is accessible, as of the date of this notice, at the following URL:

https://raw.githubusercontent.com/avinashcs2138/IPTV/main/Channels/StarSPHin01HD.m3u8

The Copyrighted Content is hosted, without licence, on the following IP address: 185.199.109.133

Please immediately disable access to the streams and URL listed above and suspend them from your servers to prevent continued violation of the Exclusive Rights referred to above.

Please also take appropriate action against the account holder for repeat infringements under your Abuse Policy/Terms of Service Agreement.

I have a good faith belief that the use of the Copyrighted Content as described above is not authorised by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.

I understand that this notice may lead to the termination of the user account and URL associated with the infringements detailed above.

Your immediate acknowledgement and action is solicited with respect to this notice.

I may be contacted via e-mail at [private], via fax on [private], or at BCCI Rights, Copyright Integrity International, P.O. Box 4612, Bangalore 560 046, India in relation to this notice.

I swear, under the penalty of perjury, that the information in this notice is accurate and that I am authorised to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

The BCCI reserves all its rights in this matter.

// [private] //

By: [private], Copyright Integrity International  
Designation: [private]  
Authorised agent for: Board of Control for Cricket in India  
Date: 15 April 2021
