Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to make changes
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md).

---

**DMCA Notification**  
The following information is presented for the purposes of removing web content that infringes on our copyright per the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. We appreciate your enforcement of copyright law and support of our rights in this matter.

**Identification of Copyrighted Work**  

The copyrighted work at issue is the text that appears on codility.com and its related pages. The pages in question contain a clear copyright notification and are the intellectual property of the complainant.

**Identification of Infringed Material**  

The following copyrighted paragraphs have been allegedly copied from the copyrighted work:

**Identification of Infringed Material**  

The following copyrighted paragraphs have been allegedly copied from the copyrighted work:

1) Link:  
https://seolhun.github.io/contents/algorithm-java-codility-find-steps-algorithm

Text starting from  
"if V is odd, subtract 1 from it"

to  
"Copyright 2009–2018 by Codility Limited. All Rights Reserved. Unauthorized copying, publication or disclosure prohibited"

Original Content: https://app.codility.com/tasks/integer_reduction_count/ (only available to paying customers)

**Notifying Party**  

Codility Limited  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]


**Copyright Owners Statement**  

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the allegedly infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification is accurate and that I am authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

[private]  
Codility Support
