Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to make changes
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am [private] for the course 'Introduction to Deep Learning' (see https://niessner.github.io/I2DL/). The course content including coding exercises were created by faculty at the Technical University of Munich (TUM) to which they own the copyright. TUM faculty authorized me to enforce their copyright over their material.

i) I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

ii) I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

iii) I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Copyrighted work includes course exercises and their solutions. Exercises are published in a private git repo for students to complete. Since exercises are highly structured, we believe students' solutions are direct derivatives of our work. We do not authorize students to publish solutions publicly since this interferes with students' ability to learn in subsequent semesters. However three GitHub repositories exist that contain our exercise solutions.

https://github.com/Hoop77/i2dl  
https://github.com/egasato/TUM-IN2346-Introduction-to-Deep-Learning  
https://github.com/Vvvino/tum_i2dl

We have already made efforts to contact the owners of these repositories and have not heard back from them.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

As listed previously, we request that these entire repositories be taken down as students don't have permission to distribute any course content.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No the work is not licensed under an open source license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Yes, the repository can be made private. We have no problems with students keeping their own solutions.

One exception is the repository containing torrents here: https://github.com/egasato/TUM-IN2346-Introduction-to-Deep-Learning/tree/master/Recordings. Since torrents are peer-to-peer by nature, we request that these be removed entirely.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

The only contact information we have are their GitHub handles. They are Hoop77, egasato and Vvvino.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private], [private]: [private]. [private]: [private].

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
