Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to make changes
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

We are the SOC team authorized to take down

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

we have submitted through sensitive data policy removal and quoting the team they have said  
"Please note that our sensitive data process is not appropriate for the removal of copyrighted or proprietary data.  
If you are the copyright holder and want to have the content removed, please review our DMCA process:  
Github case number previously:(#1024081)

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

Main Repo: https://github.com/josephYen0829/dataffffff  
Server Files where DBS information such as such as Word documents, CSV/Excel files, PDF documents.  
The common point seems to be the audit in the company (control of  
trading risk, control of conflicts of interest, ...) in any case it's only confidential documents and clearly sensitive.  
There is all the details concerning tools like CENA (Client Employee Network Analytics) as well.  
/ [invalid]  
• there are access to customer's informations such as name, home address, phone number  
/ https://github.com/josephYen0829/dataffffff/blob/851ea8e4488deaf0a2cc2824bacc878b997131f0/Stop/Branch%20PITTSTOP%20%E8%AA%AA%E6%98%8E.xlsx,  
• you can find email messages attached in excel files  
/ https://github.com/josephYen0829/dataffffff/blob/851ea8e4488deaf0a2cc2824bacc878b997131f0/%E8%B3%87%E6%96%99%E8%A1%A8.xlsx  
• there is a lot of informations about how you handle finacle  
/ https://github.com/josephYen0829/dataffffff/blob/851ea8e4488deaf0a2cc2824bacc878b997131f0/T%26M%20CA.PPTX  
/ [invalid]  
/ [invalid]  
As our company do not encourage any sensitive information or codes to be hosted externally, we seek your assistance to take it down please.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

no

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

no

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

take down all files

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

no

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
