Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to make changes
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md).

---

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.
 
The copyrighted work that has been infringed includes all of the files provided for the
CS7638 “Asteroids” project . Large portions of the files are direct copies of the code
provided to students to start the project. (Note that we are not claiming copyright on
code added to our original files.) Many of these files retain our copyright notice at the
top of the file.

The specific infringing files are located at:

https://github.com/rushano/CS-7638

Every file in the repository is a direct copy of our copyrighted work with the sole
exception of the `pilot.py` file.

In the `pilot.py` file, all lines other than lines 3,10, 27-31, 37 and 53-116 are a direct copy
of our copyrighted work.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described
above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner,
or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I am asking that the AI4R repository be made private. These files can be found by
students in the current course, who may in a moment of weakness choose to copy them
and submit it as their own work, a violation of the GaTech Academic Honor Code. By
removing access to this material, you will remove the temptation for current students to
violate the honor code, and prevent yourself from being inadvertently drawn into an
Office of Student Integrity investigation.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is
accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf
of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Sincerely,  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private] College of Computing
