**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**  

The reported URL is using copyright content (Bhokal ,Mastram, Flames Season 2, Naked, Pati Patni Aur Panga, Ek Thi Begum, Queen, Basement Company) of our client MX Media & Entertainment Pte. Ltd.

AUTHORIZATION LETTER OF THE COPYRIGHT OWNER (OR PERSON/COMPANY REPRESENTING)  
[private]

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  

The reported domains are using your services to stream the copyright content of our client without any authorization which needs to be takedown at the earliest.

In accordance with the Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act (OCILLA), a part of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act 1998 (DMCA), requesting the service providers to immediately cease the access to copyrighted material. We have found infringing material in your website which indeed is Content of our client. The material that is claimed to be infringing is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled immediately and avoid the growth of piracy.

A DOCUMENT PROVING THAT THE MATERIALS ARE COPYRIGHTED AND BELONG TO OWNER (OR PERSON/COMPANY REPRESENTING)  
https://www.mxplayer.in/

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**  

https://pikasite.github.io/index.html  
https://pikashow.xyz/

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  

No

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**  

The content of MX Player needs to be removed from reported domain and linked app, and if the user wants to provide copyright content of our client, the user needs to have authorization from copyright owner.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**  

No

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**  

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**  

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**  

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**  

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**  

[private]  
MarkScan  
Email: [private]  
E-14C, 1st Floor, Sector-8,NOIDA, U.P. -201301, INDIA.  
Ph: [private], Website: www.markscan.co.in  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**  

[private]
