**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

(I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.)

I [private] 100% of the code in question.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

It's a proof-of-concept patcher to run macOS 11.x on a 2010 MacBook. I posted it on an internal channel in a [private] server; it hasn't been published online yet, as it's unfinished.

I've posted numerous screenshots on public channels in the [private] server ([private]) over the last few months, showing various development progress.

A small subset of the fixes/code are publicly posted on MacRumors forum and linked from my website, [private] and [private]. However, most of the graphics patches, binpatching utilities, and installer patch automation code hasn't been publicly released yet.

I can provide more screenshots/links from [private], as well as several versions of the code, if that would help prove ownership. Members of the server can also support the claim.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

This entire repository is an exact clone of the contents of a zipfile I shared on [private], except the README.

https://github.com/asentienthedgehog/big-sur-patcher

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

There are no forks; the user and repository were created several hours ago.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

Unfortunately I haven't chosen a license yet, as my code was either (a) unpublished or (b) posted in a very informal way on [private], [private], etc.

I do intend the project to be open-source eventually.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Please remove the repository.

I also submitted a report for the user account itself, as it's (a) impersonation of [private] and (b) an alt-account of someone who has been harassing/"trolling" various parts of the unsupported Mac patching community for several months now.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

I don't; he has rapidly switched between various [private], [private], and [private] accounts, most of which are now banned.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
