**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am the copyright holder.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

My name is [private] ([private]), I am a [private] of ChangSha unicom. I submitted a project to GitHub in 2016 named [private]，I was informed this project has some high risk vulnerabilities in 2019, these vulnerabilities may lead to disclosure of user information, so I deleted it in GitHub. But now I found that someone forked this project in GitHub, this user is jaring, and this project's URL is https://github.com/jaring/csltcrm.  
The following is a sample (and not the entirety) of the content that has been copied without permission:  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
(https://github.com/jaring/csltcrm/blob/master/csltcrm/src/application.properties)  
The url, port, user name and password of the database were leaked. And Most interface code in this project is not authenticated.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

Please take down https://github.com/jaring/csltcrm

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

No forks

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No open source license

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The best solution for the alleged infringement is to take down https://github.com/jaring/csltcrm.
The repository can not be changed or made private

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Telephone number: [private]  
Physical address: [private], [private], [private], [private], [private]  
Email: [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
