**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I [private] Copart in this copyright DMCA request and have the Authority to request takedown of the repository below. Additionally, Yes. - "I have read and understood GitHub's Guide to File a DMCA Notice.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The Copart's proprietary GitHub repository has been copied on to a public repository with a random username.

Original Work [Copart's]: [private]  
Infringed Public Repository: https://github.com/colshacol/g2-ops-component-library

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The entire infringed public repository should be takedown.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, there are no forks are created on a private repository. We believe it was copied and leaked on to the above given public repository

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

The original work is not under any of the open-source licenses, and it is a private repository owned by Copart Inc.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The best possible solution is to take down the infringed public repository.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No, We don't have any of the infringer's information.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Phone No: +[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
