**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am [private] on the Data Protection team authorized to act on copyright owner Cisco's behalf

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

This letter is to inform you that the Cisco Data Protection team has recently become aware that an Github repo that has sensitive source code for our organization exposed to the public , the link to the Github repo in question is  
https://github.com/smenon78/tricorder-appliance

The repo listed above has Cisco copyrighted works contained in the repo along with credentials for a username and password that could allow unauthorized access to our systems. This repo was uploaded by a former employee of ours , it should not be public as it contains copyrighted and propriety data.

We request your help to address this issue. Please take appropriate actions to permanently delete the unintended information from computers, networks and any devices where it may reside locally. The information received should not be duplicated or used for any purpose.

We sincerely apologize for any inconvenience or concern this incident may have caused. We take the privacy and security of our company’s information very seriously and appreciate your help in addressing this error.  
Please let us know if you have any further questions.  
Sincerely,  
Cisco Data Protection team

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/smenon78/tricorder-appliance

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

yes.

Forks listed below:  
smenon78 / tricorder-appliance  
@kkambhat kkambhat / tricorder-appliance  
@pbasra92 pbasra92 / tricorder-appliance

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Removing this repo would be best

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No i do not have contact information

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
