**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am the [private] and [private] of the company that wrote mlfinlab.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The user is distributing our codebase which is not publically available.

We hold an all rights reserved license and their redistribution is in violation of our license.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

All files and the repo must be deleted.

Repo URLs:  
* https://github.com/otom8/mlfinlab_example  
* https://github.com/Deanzou/mlfinlab_example  

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes please, all the forks are also infringing on our rights and must also be taken down.

* https://github.com/otom8/mlfinlab_example

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No it is an all rights reserved license.

They are in violation as they are redistributing our code base. They have also removed our license to hide this fact.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

To delete all files and stop the redistribution of our code.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No - Github doesn't provide this information.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Mobile number: +[private]  
Physical Address: [private], [private], [private], [private]  
Email: [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
