Dear Sir or Madam:

 

Health Care Service Corporation, a Mutual Legal Reserve Company (“HCSC” or “Owner”), on behalf of its divisions Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Illinois (“BCBSIL”), Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Texas (“BCBSTX”), Blue Cross and Blue Shield of New Mexico (“BCBSNM”), Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Oklahoma (“BCBSOK”), and Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Montana (“BCBSMT”), is providing notice to you of your violation of HCSC’s intellectual property rights.

 

It has recently come to our attention that a website that your company hosts is hosting information that infringes upon HCSC’s intellectual property.

 

Proprietary material (copied and pasted below) that consists of internal code that contains proprietary server information that is owned and copyrighted by HCSC was posted onto your servers without HCSC’s permission: 

https://github.com/tspangler/bcbs/blob/master/lib/bcbs.rb


[private]

 

This directly infringes upon HCSC’s rights in its intellectual property and proprietary material and should be taken down in its entirety. 

 

We demand that you cease and desist immediately from all further posting or provision of this infringing material and remove such materials from your site within 15 days of this letter.  Please send me a prompt response indicating the actions you have taken to resolve this matter as soon as possible.

 

We will not hesitate to pursue any and all available legal remedies.  Nothing herein shall be deemed to constitute a waiver by HCSC of any of its rights, remedies or defenses at law or in equity, all of which are reserved without limitation.

 

By signing the below, I attest that:

 

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.
 

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
 

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.
 

Sincerely,

 



[private]  

[private]  

Health Care Service Corporation, a Mutual Legal Reserve Company

Office:  [private]

[private]
