**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am the copyright owner of Octotree, a proprietary browser extension that is free to use but contains paid features.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

A GitHub user reverse-engineered Octotree, removed the license check and posted the pirated code to GitHub with instructions for others to use paid features for free. I was able to contact that user and they already deleted the repository. I also contacted the people who forked the repository, but only 1 of them deleted the fork. Other people have neither responded or deleted their forks. Those forks are:

* [private]   
* https://github.com/luoweikingjj/Octotree-Pro  
* https://github.com/cyyjs/Octotree-Pro  
* https://github.com/forks-library/Octotree-Pro  
* https://github.com/hsuanxyz/Octotree-Pro  

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The entire repository should be taken down.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes. Listed above.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No. There is an open-source version of Octotree that is very limited in capabilities. But that is not what this is about. The one being infringed is proprietary, closed-source and contains paid features.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The forks should be removed.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

Yes, 4 of the 5 fork owners list the email address in their profile. The one without email is https://github.com/luoweikingjj and we reached out by posting an issue on a repository they owned (we could not post on the infringed repository because it didn't have the Issues tab enabled).

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
