**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am the author of this "quote list". These quotes were sent by a user on their platform called Discord which can be found at discord.com. The user that can I am quoting messages from can be identified as Zane#6149

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

https://github.com/DamonOnYT/ZaneBot/blob/main/index.js
The work being infringed here is the ZaneQuoteList found on Line 15 of the original work and line 12 on the infringing work. These "quotes" have been directly copied and pasted onto their work which is being claimed as their own.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

File with the infringing work: https://github.com/ElliottSheerin/ZaneBot/blob/main/index.js  
Repository: https://github.com/ElliottSheerin/ZaneBot  

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, there is no further repositories with infringing work that have been found.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  

The initial base code released at https://github.com/HexDevv/Clark-Bot/tree/7387505b3a69ddf6fe24da491cc554d7baa1394e was released with no license on it and is what both mine and the infringing repositories base off of.  

The version currently available on my repository (https://github.com/DamonOnYT/ZaneBot) has the GNU General Public License v3.0 attached to it and parts written by myself are being infringed and claimed as their own.  

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

I ask that he follows the GNU General Public License v3.0 license which I released the code with, properly disclosing the source and copyright notices.
If he does not want to follow this license, I ask that he either removes the quote list from the published code and the "Discord bot" that was released using the source code. If he does not want to remove this quote list, I ask that the infringing content is taken down off of the GitHub Repository and the release Discord Bot is taken down willingly by the user before further action is taken regarding it.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

His contact details are the following  
Full Name: [private]  
Phone Number: [private]  
Last known address: [private]  

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

You can contact me via phone at [private] or via email at [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
