**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Hello,  
I am [private], [private] of a IT Services & Software Engineering company.  
One of our former developer push one of our customer code in github 5 years ago (public access) in order to work from his home; he then commit code into it from may to june 2016.
What happened is that another person clone this repository and the new repository is in public access until now and THE BIG PROBLEM is that our customer find this and of course is very upset because it is extremely confidential code.  
The original repository pushed by our dev is already removed but the one cloned by an unknown person is still public until now.

==> how can I contact this person and tell him to remove immediately this repo please ?

I have his account name and the said repository.

Regards,  
[private]

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

the repository I'd like to remove : https://github.com/myso42/Recuiel-Upsideo-DNCA and https://github.com/myso42/Refonte-Recueil-One

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

all the repository  
https://github.com/myso42/Recuiel-Upsideo-DNCA  
https://github.com/myso42/Refonte-Recueil-One  

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

yes

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No, thework is not licensed under an open source lincense

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

the repository must be removed.
We have a clear contract with our customer saying WE SHOULD NEVER SHARE THEIR CODE

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

email : [private]  
tel number : +[private] ([private])  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
