**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I, [private], of Anti-Piracy Protection am contacting you on behalf of John Wiley & Sons, Inc., Under penalty of perjury, I certify that I am authorized to act on behalf of John Wiley & Sons, Inc., a publisher and rightsholder of both physical and electronic books, and audiobooks in the Worldwide territory.
Authorisation Letter: http://antipiracyprotection.info/authorizations/wiley/Wiley_APP_LoA_EN.pdf

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Ebook: Operating System Concepts, 10th Edition, by Abraham Silberschatz, Greg Gagne, Peter B. Galvin  
ISBN: 978-1-119-32091-3  
https://www.wiley.com/en-gb/Operating+System+Concepts%2C+10th+Edition-p-9781119320913  

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/woodliu/Operating.System.Concepts.10th.Edition/blob/master/Operating.System.Concepts.10th.Edition.2018.4.pdf  

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

not applicable  

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No open source license

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

remove PDF file  

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

no

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Anti-Piracy Protection Łukasz Czekajewski  
Dominikańska 21b  
02-738 Warsaw  
Poland  
[private]  
tel. [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
