Hello,

Please find the Notice below:

I, [private] an employee of Wipro Limited, being the copyright owner of the infringing code, am authorized to act on behalf of Wipro. I would like to request a Take-down under the DMCA, of Wipro’s source codes posted on your platform by a user. Wipro Limited is the sole proprietor of the code, being of confidential nature.

Please find below the link to the infringing content:

1. https://github.com/rpm-software-management/dnf-l10n/blob/d5e5883e865104e92a72cb50f839adbaf5e0caea/master/ml.po
 
The link contains Wipro Limited’s copyrighted code.  Please note that copyrighted code of Wipro Limited is exposed on your platform. Further, the codes are not under any Open Source License, and is of confidential nature. Wipro has the right, title and interest to take action on this. If the content is not removed from the platform and is freely available to public, then Wipro Limited will face unquantifiable damages.

We have not been able to detect or have any information about the alleged infringer.

Please find below the screenshot for your reference.

[private]


Please find below the declarations from our end:

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.  
And  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

I have read the Take-down Notice submission guide provided at https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/

My contact information is as following: [private]

Best Regards,

[private]

| [private] | Legal & Compliance | Wipro Limited

| Mobile:[private] | [private]

480-481, Phase III, Udyog Vihar, Gurugram 122016 | Gurugram, INDIA
