Dear Sir/Madam,

We write to you on behalf of our Clients, Viacom18 Media Pvt. Limited (Viacom18 / Rights Holder), and we state that Viacom18 has duly authorized us to initiate action in respect of the infringement of their content which is exclusively owned by them.

Viacom18 is amongst India's top 3 television entertainment networks and a house of iconic brands that offers multi-platform, multi-generational and multicultural brand experiences. Viacom18 currently has 17 channels including Colors, MTV, VH1, Comedy Central and Colors Infinity, which are broadcasted in around 135 countries that reach out to more than 180 million viewers every day across all age groups. Viacom18s programming delivers informative, entertaining and engaging content which is widely popular in India and overseas. Our Client is also engaged in the production and distribution of movies through Viacom18 Motion Pictures, that produces, acquires and distributes Hindi films.

Viacom18 is the exclusive owner of the copyright in the work Colors content. In addition to the above, Viacom18 is the exclusive owner of several trademarks connected with Colors content.

We have come across the following content in relation to Colors content being illegally made available on your website raw.githubusercontent.com:

https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JeanetteSteward/tt2/main/THOPTV%20V44.1.0.apk

Proof evincing that the content being infringed is owned by Viacom18 is available at the following links:

http://www.colorstv.com.

Accordingly, this notice is an official notification as required under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) and the Information Technology (Intermediary Guidelines) Rules 2011 framed under the Information Technology Act, 2000 regarding the infringement and violation of the copyright of Viacom18 Media Pvt. Limited (Rights Holder) protected under the Copyright Act, 1957, through the intermediaries portal. The unauthorized distribution of the Rights Holders content may also amount to a violation of the Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act (OCILLA), which is a part of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, 1998.

You are hereby put to strict notice that hosting of the said content identified herein above is a violation of the Rights Holders exclusive proprietary rights and copyright.

In lieu of the above, we hereby demand that you immediately cease such unlawful activity of illegally uploading content and desist from indulging in any further infringement of the Rights Holders rights in the content, which is exclusively owned and protected by our clients. Without limitation and prejudice to the above, we hereby call upon you to immediately cease & desist from using your website to directly and/or indirectly cause, contribute to, enable, facilitate, aid, abet, induce, encourage and/or participate in the infringement of the Rights Holders copyright protected works, including but not limited to the content/intellectual property rights identified herein above.

We further inform you that a copy of this notification is being sent to your hosting service provider. You are mandated under the law to remove or disable access to the infringing materials upon receiving this notice. In the event you fail to comply with the directions of this notice, we will be forced to initiate action against you, solely at your risk as to the cost and consequences.

We believe that the information in this notice is sufficient for you to locate and immediately take down the infringing activities complained of herein. We are providing this notice in good faith and with reasonable belief that the use of the content owned by the Rights Holder in the manner as highlighted herein above through your website and has not been authorized by the Rights Holder, their agents and/or under the law.

Under penalty of perjury, we, Aiplex Software Pvt. Ltd., are the authorized Online Antipiracy Solution Providers to write to you on behalf of Viacom 18, and our letter of authorization can be accessed via the secured URL below. This notification is sent to you is accurate and without prejudice to the rights and remedies of Rights Holders, all of which are expressly reserved. Our complete details are available at the signature below.

AUTHORIZATION LETTER FOR PROOF

[private]

DIGITAL SIGNATURE FOR COPYRIGHT CLAIM

Authorized online digital content production representative for Viacom 18.

[private]

[private],

Aiplex Software Private Limited.,

N Cube Centre, # 91A

3rd Floor, Ideal Homes Circle

Next to Nimishambha Temple

Rajarajeshwari Nagar, Bengaluru-560 098

E-mail: [private]

Website: www.aiplex.com

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OWNERS:

Viacom18 Media Pvt. Limited

503, 504, 507 5th Floor, Mercantile House,

15 Kasturba Gandhi Mrg, New Delhi-110 001.
