Dear Github Team,

I am part of Legal team in Infosys Ltd. Infosys Ltd. (https://www.infosys.com/ ) is a NYSE listed global consulting and IT services company based out of India. It has come to our attention that Infosys Ltd. copyrighted materials were published under the account of “[private]” within the repository named: “add_docs/infosys_sso/client-tailored-saml-idp-metadata (1).xml” , which can be found at https://github.com/Gulrez911/EassessApp/blob/master/add_docs/infosys_sso/client-tailored-saml-idp-metadata%20(1).xml. This project contains proprietary copyrighted information of our organization Infosys Ltd.

Details as below:

Link : https://github.com/Gulrez911/EassessApp/blob/master/add_docs/infosys_sso/client-tailored-saml-idp-metadata%20(1).xml

Entire Page: Contains Infosys proprietary information

We have tried to contact the account owner but due to lack of contact details we were unable to do so. I have a good faith belief that use of the data/information mentioned above is not authorized by us, our agents or by law. Hence, we request you to take down the entire project named: add_docs/infosys_sso/client-tailored-saml-idp-metadata (1).xml which can be found at https://github.com/Gulrez911/EassessApp/blob/master/add_docs/infosys_sso/client-tailored-saml-idp-metadata%20(1).xml permanently from “[private]” GitHub account without leaving any trail or back-up in the GITHUB systems.

Given the criticality of the matter, we urge you to take this request forward expeditiously and would require an immediate action from your side.

Also, I declare:

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Thank You

[private]

Legal Department | Infosys Ltd. | Bangalore

Contact: [private]
