**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am [private] in Aspose Pty Ltd https://www.aspose.com/  
"Aspose" is a trademark of Aspose Pty Ltd. All other graphics, logos, product, and service names used on this web site by Aspose Pty Ltd are the trademarks of Aspose Pty Ltd. Aspose trademarks may not be used in connection with any third-party products or services or in any manner that disparages or discredits Aspose. All other trademarks, brands, names, and logos appearing on this web site are the property of their respective owners.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Aspose licenses commercial .Net libraries using special license keys.  
The license is a plain text XML file that contains details such as the product name, number of developers it is licensed to, subscription expiry date and so on.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

An stolen Aspose license key is placed here  
https://github.com/Mcgrady2009/WpfAppTest/blob/19f7e5e73778c1b652eb3ba739d57769a54b0b56/RenamFiles/License.txt

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

no forks of this repo

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

Aspose develops commercial software and uses commercial licenses

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The license key in this repository is stolen. This license key or repository should be deleted.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
