**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Modelo is a platform to access, review and present Customer’s models. I am the [private] of the company and my company owns the entire source code and do not have any license to others to publish our code on Github.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The one published our code on Github was once our employee and left our company because of his own misbehavior. He threatened us and sabotaged our company, and finally was sentenced by laws. We can provide a verdict to prove what we said.He published our code to Github is definitely out of retaliation, we do hope Github can delete the website.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

This entire repository: https://github.com/watertank/modelo3d  
https://github.com/WindyNature/modelo3d  
https://github.com/wsw0108/modelo3d  

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, I have searched and have not found any forks.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

It is not licensed under any open source licensing.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

A complete removal of the source code.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No,I do not.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Phone:[private]  
Email:[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
