**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am the [private] of the company and authorized to act on behalf of the company

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

https://github.com/chaabani-nejma/injenico/blob/master/src/assets/tetra.js which is contained within the repository https://github.com/chaabani-nejma/injenico  

Telium Tetra is the OS for payments terminals: https://www.ingenico.co.uk/smart-terminals/operating-system/telium-tetra

Tetra.JS is a javascript library that provides a high level abstraction of the Telium Tetra services. TetraJS library is intended for use in Tetra Web Applications..

Tetra terminals feature three applicative frameworks that are able to interact with each other through a
common software layer: the “Telium Tetra services”.

 The Telium+ native framework allows the execution on Tetra terminals of existing legacy
Telium+ applications (migrated applications originally running on Telium2 terminals). Telium+
applications on Tetra terminals are executed over an emulation layer connected to Telium Tetra
services.

 The Telium Tetra native framework allows the execution of a new type of Telium application built
directly on top of the Telium Tetra services.

 The Tetra web framework allows the introduction of a new type of application: Tetra web
applications (WebApps) exclusively built with web technologies (HTML, CSS, and JavaScript).
The new “Tetra Web Platform” provides the execution environment to interpret and render
WebApps and also ensures the intermediation between WebApps and Telium Tetra services.

The file tetra.js and other contained within the repository are a part of the Tetra Web Framework and fall under the above mentioned license agreement.

These file(s) contain functions that have not yet been released for public distribution as part of our SDK (the Tetra Web Framework), which require registration to access and under separate agreement which can be found here: https://developer.ingenico.com/agreements/ - please see section 6.2 License terms for the Development Framework.

The code was in part developed by an intern during their employment by the company and thereby the works are covered via that employment contract and are property of the company and the company holds the copyright to this material. The license for this work is covered by the T&Cs found at: https://developer.ingenico.com/agreements/

Worst case scenario is an attacker could find an exposed terminal and launch an attack with the help of this GitHub project.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/chaabani-nejma/injenico  

Please remove the entire repository.

We believe the choice of name of project is a deliberate attempt at obfuscation and the repository contains numerous component files as part of the Tetra Web Framework.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes. We continue to monitor for our content and will continue to scan and if identified, assess and then request take downs as appropriate.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Removal of the repository

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

This has been uploaded by an intern working at the company who has since left.
We have attempted to contact them with provided details without success / response to ask for it to be removed and hence having had to raise this request.

[private]  

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
