Hello Dear Github:

My GitHub user name is [private], and my real name is [private].  
I used to work in Shanghai Ruizhi information technology co., LTD. I really need GitHub's help.

Our company created a project called "CMOA", but due to my mistake, on December 22, 2017, I uploaded it to GitHub and made it public, and then it was forked by a GitHub user with the user name of "xeonye". I immediately deleted this project in my repositories, but it still exists in the repositories of "xeonye". The following is the URL of his fork project:  
https://github.com/xeonye/CMOA2  
You can see from the two commit of this project that I am the one who commits the code.  
In fact, you can find out at https://github.com/github/dmca that many people have appealed to GitHub about "xeonye" forked many projects that should not be public.

I tried to contact him to delete it, but found that he didn't leave any contact information so I couldn't communicate with him.

Since "xeonye/CMOA2" contains our company's important source code, algorithm and system configuration, so we hope Github as soon as possible to help us completely remove "xeonye/CMOA2" and thank you very much!

The following is our contact information:

Company Name : Ruizhi  
My e-mail Address: [private]  
Cellphone: [private]  
Company Address: [private]  
Website: http://www.richeninfo.com/

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Hoping for your response and thanks again.  
Please help us!!!

Best Regards!  
[private] ([private])
