**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

The codes which are posted by the user of github belongs to us. We have developed these codes and have been selling to world since 2018. Its been updated regularly and seems user bought & uploaded it under his profile to showcase his false work.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

https://codecanyon.net/item/supermarket-grocery-store-android-apps-complete-package-with-3-apps/22083396

Above is our item, listed since years. Now you can check the app as well as grocery script look, it will match the same.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

1. https://github.com/harpreetayali/Grocery

2. https://github.com/harpreetayali/grocery_scripts

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

https://github.com/harpreetayali/Grocery/blob/master/app/google-services.json

You can look at above link where the user of github has not even removed our firebase json file. Check its mentioned tecmanic.marketplace which is out package name. Clear cut fraud...

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No, its not open sourced. Its license based and we haven't authorized anyone to sell or share these codes.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Kindly remove the items (both the items and block such users as these people wont stopped and will create new account to upload them again.

Enhance your platform as well to stop such infringe.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

https://github.com/harpreetayali

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
