**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I used to work as [private] in Ruizhi Information（Richen Info) Technology Co., Ltd. in Shanghai. Due to my mistake, I uploaded our company's project "CMOA" to Github on December 22, 2017 and made it public. Later, I deleted it, but before the deletion, two GitHub users forked my project, and then the CMOA project manager of Richen Info on May 12, 2020 called me and asked me to contact these two users as soon as possible to delete our project code, but I couldn't contact these two users. Now I begged Github to help me delete these two project frok from my project as soon as possible.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

This is the address of our company's website： http://www.richeninfo.com

This is their repositories address for my project:  
[private]  
https://github.com/mtbdc-dy/CMOA2

You can see that the person who submitted the code twice in the project is me, and the package name of the project is our company's domain name "richeninfo. com“

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

They should delete the entire repository:  
[private]  
https://github.com/mtbdc-dy/CMOA2

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

[private]  
https://github.com/mtbdc-dy/CMOA2  
Both repositories should be deleted.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

This project is a trade secret project that our company is maintaining. There is no open source.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Because this project involves a lot of business secrets of our company, it is very important, so it must be deleted.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

The two users did not leave any contact information on GitHub.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Phone: [private]  
Email: [private]   
Address: [private], [private], [private], [private], [private], [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
