**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am an employee of Sunborn Network Technology Co., Ltd., the developer of a mobile game called "Girls' Frontline" (Chinese title "少女前线"), and I am submitting this report on the company's behalf.
The game's code is not open-source and we recently found a repository that contains part of the game's source code.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The original copyrighted work is a Chinese mobile game called "少女前线" (English title "Girls' Frontline), which is developed by Sunborn Network Technology Co., Ltd. in mainland China. This is not an open-source project and the game is copyrighted in mainland China.

The game's Chinese official website: https://gf-cn.sunborngame.com/
The game's English official website: http://gf.sunborngame.com/

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

This repository should be entirely taken down:
https://github.com/chancedream/GF_cipher

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

As of now, there is no other fork identified but we've noticed some repositories may contain codes from the infringing repository.
We are doing an investigation into these repositories and therefore choose not to list them here.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No, the game is not an open-source project.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

I'm afraid that this repository must be removed.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

Unfortunately, we do not have the infringer's contact information this time.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Phone: [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
