Dear Github DMCA Agent:

 

We represent The Vanguard Group, Inc. (“Vanguard”).

 

Founded in 1975, Vanguard is one of the world's largest investment companies.  As of August 31, 2019, Vanguard had more than 30,000,000 investors in about 170 countries, and total assets under management of approximately $5.6 trillion. 

 

We have recently discovered at Github.com the unauthorized publication, disclosure, and copying of Vanguard’s copyright-protected software code and confidential material posted by Github user “onyima101” under the title “adding vanguard and nist notes.”  Under the U.S. Digital Millennium Copyright Act (17 U.S.C. § 512), Vanguard provides this notification of claimed infringement.   Please immediately remove all content at the URL below:

 

https://github.com/onyima101/myproject/blob/master/GeneralNote.txt

 

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

 

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by Vanguard, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

 

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am authorized to act on behalf of Vanguard, owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

 

We look forward to receiving Github’s confirmation that the infringing material has been removed.  Thank you for your assistance.

 

 

[private] | Partner

1300 19th Street, NW, Suite 300

Washington, DC 20036

 

[private] (Direct)

[private] (Main)

[private] (Fax)

 

[private]

www.kelly-ip.com
