**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am the creator of the well known open source library Harmony that has a repository on GitHub.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Harmony:
https://github.com/pardeike/Harmony

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

All content under https://github.com/HerpDerpinstine/MelonLoader/tree/master/MelonLoader.ModHandler/Harmony is a copy of the Harmony repository but the README and LICENSE files were omitted.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

The owner of that repository has simply copied over my code without respecting the license.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

https://github.com/pardeike/Harmony/blob/master/LICENSE

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Give credit to my intellectual property and follow the license it comes with. The main problem here is that it seems that their product is competing with the purpose of Harmony and is advertised as such. Including the phrase “worlds first solution”. While it may not overlap fully it is uncomfortably close to it.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

Only the identity given by GitHub

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
