**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**   
   
Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.   
   
**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**   
   
The code is a work-for-hire prepared for (and owned by) our client - Aetna.   
   
**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**   
   
1. Repository name - ArtApi - https://github.com/premanshum/ArtApi   
Description – This repository contains the project API code – backend services which interacts with different database and BI components. This repository also contains the infrastructure as a code(CFT) and many other connectivity details pertaining to different application components like APIs, databases, BI Layer and meta data repositories.   
2. Repository name - artUI - https://github.com/premanshum/artUI   
Description – This repository contains the Application front end related code written mainly using React and Redux   
   
**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**   
   
(please refer to the above response) - entire repository   
   
**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**   
   
There are no forks in scope for this request.   
   
**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**   
   
This work is not licensed under an open source license.   
   
**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**   
   
The best solution for the infringement is removal. No other changes would mitigate the issue.   
   
**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**   
   
Ex-employee’s name: [private]  
Email ID: [private]  
Mobile Number : [private]    
   
**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**   
   
**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**   
   
**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**   
   
**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**   
   
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**   
   
[private]    
   
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**   
   
[private]  
