**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am [private] at Datadog, Inc.  
I am authorised to submit this notice by Datadog.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The following links contain Datadog works that are protected by copyright:

- https://github.com/mbarnesjr/Miscellany/commit/d62a45e3a6840a9ee12f1197104ab241a2f333b9  
- https://github.com/mbarnesjr/Miscellany/commit/d304b8e4d5338a93f6c21a00de091a5f2cbeb41f

Code that was supposed to be internal but was published by mistake by one of our employees. The code contains information that can provide some idea of a unique way in which a particular aspect of the Datadog platform is being managed.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

- https://github.com/mbarnesjr/Miscellany/commit/d62a45e3a6840a9ee12f1197104ab241a2f333b9  
- https://github.com/mbarnesjr/Miscellany/commit/d304b8e4d5338a93f6c21a00de091a5f2cbeb41f

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes we have searched for additional forks

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No it is not

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Take down the materials at the URLs identified above

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

The user does not provide contact information on GitHub

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

Datadog, Inc.  
620 8th Ave - 45th floor  
New York, NY 10018  
ATTN: Legal Department  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
