**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

The software is solely owned by Megvii (Beijing) Technology Co., Ltd..

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The software was created and solely owned by Megvii (Beijing) Technology Co., Ltd.. The introduction of the functions can be accessed through below links: https://megvii.com/en/solutions/device_authentication
We do not allow any behavior of public posting of the Megvii face unlock related software，SDK, algorithm and source codes.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The following files include the Megvii faceunlock SDK related source code. All these codes are not allowed to be distributed or used by an individual or organization without authorization.
The websites of these files are as following:  
https://github.com/nishanthalagatti/external_motorola_faceunlock  
[private]    
https://github.com/BrianTestShit/faceunlock  
https://github.com/savsir/faceunlock  
https://github.com/luca020400/face  

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Currently there are no forks.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No, the software are owned and confidential under the copyright possession of Megvii (Beijing) Technology Co., Ltd..
No, it is licensed code and the license explicitly forbids uploading the code to Github or any public sites.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

No, please remove the entire contents from the foregoing repositories.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

We do not have the users’ contact information.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

My phone number is [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private], Megvii (Beijing) Technology Co., Ltd.
