Dear GitHub Copyright Agent:

 

I, the undersigned, state UNDER PENALTY OF PERJURY that:

 

1) I have read and understand GitHub's “Guide to Submitting a DMCA Notice”.

 

2) Identify the copyrighted work you believe has been infringed;

The material posted at the below websites appears to be a direct or literal copy of a set of files obtained from Qualcomm Atheros, Inc., including direct or literal copies of Qualcomm’s confidential and proprietary source code for wireless networking access point device software, which Qualcomm shares with third parties only under NDA or similar contract.  The folders contain numerous files which appear to be direct, literal copies of Qualcomm's work, as indicated by the confidentiality and copyright statements of Qualcomm Atheros, Inc. appearing in many of the files in the repositories.

 

3) Identify the material that you allege is infringing the copyrighted work listed in item #2, above;

 

https://github.com/zhihaozhao/fifthnet

https://github.com/0xM3R/fifthnet

https://github.com/angusding/fifthnet

https://github.com/lunaticurey/fifthnet

 

4) Explain what the affected user would need to do in order to remedy the infringement.

 

In order to remedy the infringement, the affected user must remove all copies of the infringing materials posted publicly by him/her, and delete any and all unauthorized (i.e., not licensed or otherwise authorized by Qualcomm Atheros, Inc.) copies of the infringing materials from his/her possession, custody, or control.

 

5) Provide your contact information. Include your email address, name, telephone number and physical address.

 

Name of Injured Party : Qualcomm Technologies, Inc.

Name and Title: [private], [private]

Company: Qualcomm Incorporated

Address: 5775 Morehouse Dr.

City, State, and Zip: San Diego, CA  92121

Email address:  [private]

Telephone: [private]

 

6)  Provide contact information, if you know it, for the alleged infringer.

 

I have no information regarding the identity of the alleged infringers beyond their Github account names.

 

7)  I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

 

8)  I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

 

 

Truthfully,

 

 

 

[private]    
[private]  
Qualcomm Incorporated  
5775 Morehouse Drive  
San Diego, California 92121-1714  
[private]  
[private] fax
