**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

We are fully authorized by PayTM and are fully permitted to use any means necessary to uphold the rights of PayTm in accordance with all existing intellectual property and criminal laws.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

As per subject on this Github page, it cloned the official mobile application of the official app of our client PayTM. Our client does not authorized or approved this and this may possibly use for malicious act. The official application can be downloaded only through: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.paytmmall

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

Entire Repository - https://github.com/lx-lovin/Paytm-Clone

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

The information on the name of the repository and the added screenshots are already evidenced that this repository should be removed as this not authorized by our client - PayTM.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

NA

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Kindly remove the repository.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

[private]  

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Level 30, The Leadenfield Building,  
122 Leadenfield Street, EC3V 4AB  
City of London, UNITED KINGDOM  
Email: [private]  
Phone [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
