**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Copyright owner Jelurida IP B.V. and its affiliate Jelurida Swiss S/A retained the legal services of our firm BINGH Advocaten to protect their respective interests regarding the copyrights vested in the NXT Blockchain software. They instructed me to file this DMCA notice to prevent further infringements by Crytrex of their NXT Software.

The copyrights associated with the NXT Software is owned and licensed by Jelurida IP B.V. Jelurida Swiss S/A has the exclusive right to commercially exploit the NXT Software, and is the operational company involved with the NXT Software. The NXT Software code was written from scratch in Java by Jelurida and its legal predecessors, which obtained all copyrights relating to the Nxt Software.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The original work is posted online on https://bitbucket.org/Jelurida/nxt/src/master/ This concerns the source code for the NXT Blockchain software which qualifies as a copyrightable work under the applicable laws.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

Entire repository: https://github.com/CryTrExcom/CRYT_Blockchain

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes. Other infringing parties will be notified separately or through separate DMCA notices

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

Yes, the NXT Software is licensed by Jelurida IP B.V. under its Jelurida Public License, available on https://www.jelurida.com/sites/default/files/JPLv1.2-NRS.pdf

The infringing party violates this license, and therefore infringes the coyrights of Jelurida IP B.V.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The infringing party may reinstate the Jelurida Public License in its LICENSE.txt, reinstate all copyright notices required under the Jelurida Public License and act in compliance with the Jelurida Public License.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No street address. Only email: [private];  [private]; [private]; [private]; [private]; and [private].

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
BINGH Advocaten  
Stadhouderskade 14A  
1054ES Amsterdam  
The Netherlands

Ph.: [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
