**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am writing on behalf of CASIO, which is a member of REACT (also known as the Anti-Counterfeiting Network ). REACT actively fights the trade-in counterfeiting products on behalf of its members. Additional information about our organization can be found at www.react.org.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

It came to our attention that the below-mentioned repository is using copyrighted source code in order to modify Casio's copyrighted program.  
Link to the original content:  
https://support.casio.com/en/support/download.php?cid=004&pid=729

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The entire repository is infringing. In accordance with your Guide, I explicitly confirm that all of the content at the URL infringes.  
Repository URL: https://github.com/Neutrino-1/Hack-Casio-Calculator

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

The code the repository contains is proprietary and not to be publicly published. The hosted content is a direct, literal copy of our client’s work.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

The proprietary, copyrighted, nature of the code is, inter alia, evidenced by the reference to Casio domains and internal properties.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

I hereby summon you to take expeditious action: to remove or to disable access to the infringing content immediately, but in any case no later than ten days as of today.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

We were not able to reach this user directly for they have not included up-to-date contact information in the repo or their profile page.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Telephone number: [private]  
Physical Address: [private] | [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
