**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am an [private] for DXC Technologies, Inc., and am writing regarding a posting of our copyright content (“DXC Content”) being hosted on your site. The DXC Content is entitled to copyright protection and the use of the DXC Content on GotHub is not authorized.

The information can be found at https://github.com/VenkaiahKagga/IF-Kafka-Provisioning-UI  
DXC does not possess the infringer's contact information and the DXC Content is not licensed under any Open Source model.

I have a good faith belief that use of DXC’s intellectual property rights described above at the referenced location is not authorized by DXC, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am an authorized representative of DXC, and/or am authorized to act on behalf of DXC, in relation to the aforementioned infringement of DXC’s intellectual property rights.

Please feel free to contact me at [private] or [private] if you need additional information. Thank you for your anticipated cooperation.

[private]

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Requesting to take down the entire content that can be reached trough URL https://github.com/VenkaiahKagga/IF-Kafka-Provisioning-UI
It contains copyright company detailed gathered by a former DXC employee during his working period in the company.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

Requesting to take down the entire content that can be reached trough URL https://github.com/VenkaiahKagga/IF-Kafka-Provisioning-UI

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Nothing else else than the entire content from https://github.com/VenkaiahKagga/IF-Kafka-Provisioning-UI

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

there is no license violation identified.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Requesting to take down the entire content that can be reached trough URL https://github.com/VenkaiahKagga/IF-Kafka-Provisioning-UI

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

The person is no longer working in the company, [private] ([private]) <[private]> raised the request to SIRCC team.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private] , I can also be reached via Skype call , or at [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
