**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

The project is a completely private project which was deployed to a public domain by mistake by one of the developers a year ago and has been forked since. There is no online link to it because it is managed on a private BitBucket account.  
Since there has never been an intention to release the private sources, there are no legal licensing or copyright documents.

A periodical scan by a 3rd party company (CynerArk) found secret credentials and contacted us.  
The repo includes sources for a product that was acquired less than a year ago by Verifone.  
I’m [private] of the acquired company, thus it is my responsibility to make sure that Verifone’s private assets will not be in a public domain.  
I'm a Verifone employee.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The work I'm trying to protected is the software used by thousands point of sales in Israel and soon to be deployed worldwide. These are the devices the software is used on - https://www.verifone.com/en/us/devices/integrated-pos/carbon-10, https://www.verifone.com/en/us/devices/mpos/carbon-mobile-5

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The all repo should be taken down.  
This is the URL of the last fork that has not been removed yet and should be removed - https://github.com/francopo/netapoz

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes  
The original repo was removed and one fork was removed also after I contacted the owner.  
The one remaining fork was not removed and I did not manage to contact the owner.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No, the work is not licensed under any open source license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

No, the forked repo contains a private commercial project and must be removed.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

The user name is @francopo

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
