**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am an employee of the Department of Biomedical Informatics (DBMI) at Harvard Medical School, acting on behalf of [private], who is also [private] at Brigham and Women's Hospital of Partners HealthCare Inc. The copyrighted work is the "i2b2 datasets," also known as "n2c2 NLP Research Data Sets." This data was originally provided by Partners HealthCare for the i2b2 National Center for Biomedical Computing under [private] direction and is now administered through our DBMI Data Portal at https://portal.dbmi.hms.harvard.edu/projects/n2c2-nlp/. The data set is a collection of patient medical records from Brigham and Women's Hospital which have been de-identified so that natural language processing (NLP) methods can be practiced. It is not software code. Access to the data is provided as a service to the medical NLP research community via registration and a request process in our portal. Access is governed by a Data Use Agreement that strictly forbids redistribution of any kind.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Original work is posted online at https://portal.dbmi.hms.harvard.edu/projects/n2c2-nlp/ as of June 2019.
(It was previously at https://www.i2b2.org/NLP/DataSets/, which the infringing user references in his README.)

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

Entire repository
https://github.com/Hankers3/i2b2-dataset

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

The following forks have already been removed by the users upon our request:
[private]  

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

The work is not software code and is not open-source licensed.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Delete the entire repository. The user has made no contribution; he merely uploaded an illegal copy of our data set.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

[private]  

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
[private]  
10 Shattuck Street
Boston, MA 02115

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
