While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Dear Github team,

I hope this message finds you well.

We are writing to report a case of copyright infringement involving our content. We have observed a illegal mobile application's APK uploaded on your platform which contains our copyrighted content.

The copyrighted material in question are tens of series, shows, and movies. We kindly request prompt action to investigate and address this matter, ensuring the removal of the infringing content.

Please acknowledge receipt of this report as well as required information below and attached authorization letters, and we appreciate your urgent attention to this issue.

Infringing URL:  
https://github.com/Ostora-tv/Ostora-tv

Source URL:  
watchit.com

Description of Ownership:  
WATCHIT copyrighted content including series, movies, and shows.

Best,  
[private]  
[private]  
WATCH IT

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Hundreds of copyrighted series, shows, and movies owned by WATCH IT.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The whole mobile application is based on illegal published content owned by WATCH IT.

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

We have cyber-security, yet the content can be infringed as it can be published on TV Channels or other platforms.

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

Administrators record or download content, then re-publish it for free with no license.

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Don't know.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Please contact us on:  
[private]  
[private], [private], [private]  
[private], [private].

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
