While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice. Intelligent Light (ilight.com) holds common-law copyright on its proprietary non-public software source code.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

This is a follow up to Ticket 2455795 because JasonV24 has our repos posted again:
see JasonV24 ([private]) (github.com)  
Also looks like the user [private] (github.com) did the commits

The following three private repositories:  
[private]  
[private]  

Have been published again to these corresponding new public repositories:

[invalid]  
https://github.com/JasonV24/intelligent-web-angular

By an individual who has made threats and continues to take actions against our company as evidenced by the following email thread:

[private]  

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

[invalid]  
https://github.com/JasonV24/intelligent-web-angular

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

Our repositories are in a private Github repository with GitHub Advanced Security.

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

The measures were defeated by a dishonest contractor who violated his Non-Disclosure Agreement and Contractor Service Agreements. The developer had purported to be [private], but logs and evidence showed [private] and overseas involvement. When given a chance to admit the situation, deception followed. As we were unable to use the tainted work product and the consulting agreement strictly prohibited overseas workers, we terminated out agreement for cause and withheld payment for the unusable code. This resulted in threat of retaliation via posting our source code on GitHub. On 11/27 we were notified of the public postings which were subsequently removed and then notified again on 12/7 of the latest postings.  

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

We don't believe there are any forks as of this reporting date.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Other Change

**Describe the change.**

Remove repo  
Ban the users JasonV24 ([private]) (github.com)  
and [private] (github.com) who did the recent commits

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private] (phone)

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
[private] (Mobile)
[private] (Main Office)

Physical Address  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
