I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice

 

Dear Sirs,

We are Corporation Service Company (CSC), a brand and internet monitoring company.  We have been instructed by Trip.com Travel Singapore Pte. Ltd (“Trip.com”) to take action in relation to online infringements on their intellectual property rights. Please find the attached letter of authorization, which has been obfuscated for privacy protection purposes.

 

Our client is a well-known multinational travel service company with over 400 million members, making it one of the leading online travel agencies globally. Specializing in international travel by operating in 200 countries and regions, and with over 1.4 million hotels around the world they have built an extensive international reputation. They primarily operate from their official website: https://us.trip.com/?locale=en-us.

 

We have been alerted to your website, https://github.com/, which appears to be offering our client’s copyrighted software without any authorization.

 

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice. The codes offered on this website show the project was created on 21 October 2015, but its code committing time on Github does start on 13 October 2015. This could prove that this uploader is not likely to be the original author, And the time he copied the code is after Trip.com developed. Please see attached images highlighting dates created and records of the code in our client’s database.

 

Infringing content includes (but not limited to):


We are stating that the enitre repository is infringing upon the original work identified  
https://github.com/shellb0y/rule-engine  
[invalid]

 

Please act on this accordingly by removing all Trip.com copyrighted materials from your website within [7] days of the date of this notice.

 

Please note, our client does wish to resolve this issue amicably. However, if we do not receive a response from you within the stipulated period, our client may escalate this issue until a suitable conclusion is reached.

 

Below are the details of a Copyright infringement notice.

 

1. Copyright Owner: Trip.com Travel Singapore Pte. Ltd (“Trip.com”)

Represented by: 

Corporation Service Company (CSC)
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  

E-Mail: [private]  
Web: www.cscdbs.com  
Tel: [private]  


2. Copyright original work URLs/identification of the copyrighted work:

https://us.trip.com/?locale=en-us

3. Allegedly infringing URL(s):

We are stating that the enitre repository is infringing upon the original work identified  
https://github.com/shellb0y/rule-engine  
[invalid]

4. I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

5. I represent that the information in this notification is true and correct and that we are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner. I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

6. [private]  

Should you require further information, please do not hesitate to contact us.


We thank you in advance for your cooperation.



Yours faithfully,


Corporation Service Company (CSC)

E-mail: [private]  

Website: https://www.cscdbs.com

Tel: [private]  

Fax: [private]  
