While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

Note: Because the parent repository was actively being forked when this DMCA takedown notice was received, and the submitter had identified all known forks at the time they submitted the takedown notice, GitHub processed the takedown notice against the entire network of _90_ repositories, inclusive of the parent repository.

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am an [private] for Microsoft. My scope of enforcement is for Minecraft within Mojang AB

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

○ Minecraft is a global phenomenon with a significant and loyal fan base and community. In order to protect the integrity of Minecraft and the vitality of the Minecraft community, Mojang owns and enforces all intellectual property rights in and to Minecraft, including internationally-registered trademarks and copyrights in the game, game characters, and related consumer products based on the same. Mojang’s trademark rights include but are not limited to common law and federally-registered rights in the MINECRAFT mark (U.S. Reg. No. 4,252,394). In addition, Mojang owns registered and unregistered copyrights in connection with Minecraft, including but not limited to U.S. Copyright Reg. Nos. VA 1-885-980, VA 1-885-976, VA 1-886-104, VA 1-885-991, VA 1-885-988, VA 1-886-003, VA 1-886-007, VA 1-885-995, VA 1-886-008, VA 1-885-983, VA 1-885-978, VA 1-885-999, VA 1-886-006, VA 1-886-005 and VA 1-885-990 for artwork and character designs featured in the game (Mojang’s intellectual property rights are collectively referred to as the “Minecraft IP”). Mojang takes its intellectual property rights seriously and enforces them vigorously.

Mojang is keen to ensure that its community is treated fairly and safely, and that players and fans of Minecraft are not exploited. Mojang has therefore implemented the Minecraft EULA (https://www.minecraft.net/en-us/eula), which governs the use of Minecraft. The EULA prohibits, among other things, “giv[ing] copies of [Minecraft] to anyone else,” “mak[ing] commercial use of anything [Mojang] made,” and “try[ing] to make money from anything [Mojang] made.”

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/etcherfx/EaglercraftX

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

We use [private] sign in with license checks to prevent unauthorized access to our application. We also use industry best practices such as compiled code and encrypted sub-components to prevent unauthorized or inappropriate access to our application.

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

Please note: Based on the representative number of forks I have reviewed, I believe that all or most of the forks are infringing to the same extent as the parent.

This user has presumably decompiled and reverse engineered portions of our code to be able to recreate a one to one experience.

Their code goes against our EULA and Terms of Use by bypassing server-based authentication and changing memory state on the client to simulate a successful sign in without actually performing any form of authentication or license check with the authentication server.

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

@4W35OM3 4W35OM3 / EaglercraftX  
@A-Random-Person-on-Github A-Random-Person-on-Github / EaglercraftX  
@ausric53 ausric53 / Minecraft  
@avenishimothy avenishimothy / EaglercraftX  
@Babydino223 Babydino223 / EaglercraftX  
@BigBallGreg BigBallGreg / EaglercraftX  
@blzby1 blzby1 / EaglercraftX  
@borderlinecompanion borderlinecompanion / EaglercraftX  
@briankim0829 briankim0829 / EaglercraftX  
@chrislighten chrislighten / EaglercraftX  
@clickerhelp clickerhelp / EaglercraftX_broki  
@ClosetCheat ClosetCheat / EaglercraftX  
@coderforu coderforu / Axlev1  
@PeytonPlayz595 PeytonPlayz595 / Axlev1  
@coolguywithglassesandhat coolguywithglassesandhat / EaglercraftX  
@CreeperBattler CreeperBattler / EaglercraftX  
@Daymonds Daymonds / idk  
@DDogeC DDogeC / Eaglercraftt  
@DevEagler DevEagler / Testforvideo  
@EnderActually EnderActually / EaglercraftX  
@Endermanisbest Endermanisbest / EaglercraftX  
@Gamhuxley Gamhuxley / Thebestsssssssssismeeeeeeeeeeee  
@gold12448 gold12448 / ClownClient  
@GoToTheGymJim GoToTheGymJim / EaglercraftX  
@grandpa1946 grandpa1946 / EaglercraftX  
@AdityaSriramSucks AdityaSriramSucks / EaglercraftX  
@69realme69 69realme69 / EaglercraftX  
@ehehehe123123 ehehehe123123 / EaglercraftX  
@Greys2121 Greys2121 / EaglercraftX  
@Grogu707 Grogu707 / EaglercraftX  
@hey122112 hey122112 / Vortex  
@IAMNUMBERTHREE IAMNUMBERTHREE / EaglercraftX  
@Inkognito2 Inkognito2 / EaglercraftX  
@Kame03 Kame03 / EaglercraftX  
@KatCollett KatCollett / EaglercraftX  
@Keshavisawsome Keshavisawsome / EaglercraftX  
@KoalaMan12 KoalaMan12 / EaglercraftX  
@LedgendofAll LedgendofAll / EaglercraftX  
@LoneWolf454e LoneWolf454e / EaglercraftX  
@mariomemes mariomemes / EaglercraftX  
@matthewbigg07 matthewbigg07 / EaglercraftX  
@Meep-JS Meep-JS / Meep-Eaglercraft-1.8  
@Monkey199 Monkey199 / EaglercraftX  
@Monkeyghg Monkeyghg / EaglercraftX-Client  
@Ilentian Ilentian / EaglercraftX-Client  
@MythicalTrashcan MythicalTrashcan / EaglercraftX  
@NetPixelX NetPixelX / SchoolMc  
@Nickkose Nickkose / EaglercraftX  
@ninjec ninjec / EaglercraftX  
@NOSgaming NOSgaming / the  
@NTi7 NTi7 / EaglercraftX  
@og6 og6 / EaglercraftX  
@ooferdoodle3204 ooferdoodle3204 / EaglercraftX  
@Orphanlol Orphanlol / EaglercraftX  
@PandasPalace PandasPalace / EaglercraftX  
@pbk123461 pbk123461 / EaglercraftX-1  
@PersuesJackson11 PersuesJackson11 / EaglercraftX  
@PRXYBOSS101 PRXYBOSS101 / EaglercraftX  
@QodingX QodingX / Corruption-Client  
@Rhaelzed Rhaelzed / EaglercraftX  
@seoedw seoedw / EaglercraftX  
@SnesLover22 SnesLover22 / Peag  
@Sorne1 Sorne1 / EaglercraftX  
@Speakerbox2008 Speakerbox2008 / EaglercraftX  
@spuddykk spuddykk / EaglercraftX  
@The-DOOM-Slayer The-DOOM-Slayer / EaglercraftX  
@TheCodingMasterPiece TheCodingMasterPiece / EaglercraftX  
@thuggshaker500 thuggshaker500 / EaglercraftX  
@TonyDarcus TonyDarcus / Eaglercraft-1.14.4  
@TwoMuchNerdo TwoMuchNerdo / EaglercraftX  
@Urbigmumz Urbigmumz / EaglercraftX  
@Urbigmumz-dev Urbigmumz-dev / EaglercraftX  
@vracton vracton / EaglercraftX-clone  
@WINRARisyou WINRARisyou / EaglercraftX  
@xzzjs xzzjs / EaglercraftX  

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

Do not have contact, only what is available on repo.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
