Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub  
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).  
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).  
  
To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).  
  
---  
  
**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf? If you are submitting this notice on behalf of a company, please be sure to use an email address on the company's domain. If you use a personal email address for a notice submitted on behalf of a company, we may not be able to process it.**  
  
Yes, I am the copyright holder.  
  
**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**  
  
No  
  
**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**  
  
GitHub  
  
**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**  
  
[private] [private] made significant code contributions to the original work.  
  
**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed.**  
  
ReVanced Manager is an Android application that uses ReVanced Patcher to patch other Android apps. It is licensed under GPLv3 and includes commits authored by [private] before Morphe existed.  
  
**If the original work referenced above is available online, please provide a URL.**  
  
https://github.com/revanced/revanced-manager  
  
**We ask that a DMCA takedown notice list every specific file in the repository that is infringing, unless the entire contents of the repository are infringing on your copyright. Please clearly state that the entire repository is infringing, OR provide the specific files within the repository you would like removed.**  
  
**Based on the above, I confirm that:**  
  
The entire repository is infringing  
  
**Identify the full repository URL that is infringing:**  
  
https://github.com/MorpheApp/morphe-manager  
  
**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**  
  
No  
  
**If you are reporting an allegedly infringing fork, please note that each fork is a distinct repository and <i>must be identified separately</i>. Please read more about <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">forks.</a> As forks may often contain different material than in the parent repository, if you believe any of the repositories or files in the forks are infringing, please list each fork URL below:**  
  
**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**  
  
Yes  
  
**Which license?**  
  
gnu-general-public-license-v3.0  
  
**How do you believe the license is being violated?**  
  
Morphe is a fork of ReVanced Manager with squashed commit history. GPLv3 requires Morphe to be licensed in a GPL-compatible manner. Additional restrictive terms may only be added in accordance with section 7.  
The NOTICE file added by the Morphe team in contains additional terms that exceed the scope of section 7, which is a violation of the GPLv3 license.  
  
The text of the problematic additional terms is:  
"""  
7b. Attribution Requirement  
---------------------------  
Any application or derivative work that uses Morphe code must include  
an easily accessible, user-facing message with the exact wording:  
  
This app uses code from Morphe. To learn more, visit [private]  
  
The message must be presented in a way that allows the end user to easily  
visit the URL (e.g., clickable link, UI button, or equivalent).  
"""  
  
GPLv3 section 7(b) authorizes adding terms "Requiring preservation of specified reasonable legal notices or  
author attributions in that material or in the Appropriate Legal  
Notices displayed by works containing it", however:  
  
1. The message content ("This app uses code from Morphe. To learn more, visit [private]") does not qualify for 7(b) protection, so the additional terms cannot require their presence.  
Section 7(b) only allows terms preventing the removal of "specified reasonable legal notices or author attributions".  
  
According to this [private] blog post: [private]  
"Legal notice" normally means a notice advising a person of their rights or obligations.  
"Author attribution" is an identification of the natural person who is the author of the copyrighted work.  
  
The message contains no information about rights or obligations, so it is not a legal notice. It does not qualify as an author attribution because Morphe is not a natural person.  
The author of the blog post also states links are not intended to benefit from 7(b), but these terms are trying to heavily protect it.  
  
2. Section 7(b) does not allow imposing requirements on the presentation of content it protects from removal, such as assisting the user with visiting the URL (beyond merely rendering the text). It is not stated in the text.  
The requirement also prevents the use of Morphe code for certain applications which generally cannot provide meaningful assistance due to technical limitations:  
- Any app with a text-based interface running on a server  
- Any app with a nonvisual interface  
- Any app made for devices with no networking hardware  
  
The base GPLv3 license would not have prevented the use in these apps (assuming other terms are followed) without this arbitrary restriction on presentation. For example, an app with an audio only interface could have complied by reading out the message with a speaker.  
These presentation requirements are completely unnecessary in order to convey reasonable legal notices or author attributions.  
  
**What changes can be made to bring the project into compliance with the license? For example, adding attribution, adding a license, making the repository private.**  
  
The repository must either be:  
- Relicensed under terms permitted by the GPLv3  
- Taken down  
  
**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**  
  
[private]  
[private]  
  
**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**  
  
**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**  
  
**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**  
  
**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**  
  
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**  
  
[private]  
  
**Please type your full name for your signature.**  
  
[private]  
