Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf? If you are submitting this notice on behalf of a company, please be sure to use an email address on the company's domain. If you use a personal email address for a notice submitted on behalf of a company, we may not be able to process it.**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am the [private] [private], [private], and [private] copyright holder of the software repository "realvare/varebot". [private] wrote the original source code and hold all exclusive rights to this work.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed.**

[private] original copyrighted work is a WhatsApp bot named "varebot". The infringing party has copied a substantial portion of [private] codebase, core logic, and features, republishing it under the repository "chatunitycenter/chatunity-bot". They previously had a completely different bot, but after [private] published [private], they copied [private] work and stripped out [private] original credits, author attributions, and copyright notices, falsely presenting [private] code as their own creation.  
In "Based on the above, I confirm that" i choose "The entire repository is infringing" because the infriging files are too many ( /lib/simple.js is the only one w credits )
Their test repo is a whole clone of [private], check it out [private]
[private] it's their "test/playground"  
This is the second time (as i know) that they cloned one of [private] project and removed every credit and "made" the project theirs, the first time was [private] wich is now unavailable due to my DMCA takedown.

**If the original work referenced above is available online, please provide a URL.**

https://github.com/realvare/varebot

**We ask that a DMCA takedown notice list every specific file in the repository that is infringing, unless the entire contents of the repository are infringing on your copyright. Please clearly state that the entire repository is infringing, OR provide the specific files within the repository you would like removed.**

**Based on the above, I confirm that:**

The entire repository is infringing

**Identify the full repository URL that is infringing:**

https://github.com/chatunitycenter/chatunity-bot  
[private]

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**If you are reporting an allegedly infringing fork, please note that each fork is a distinct repository and <i>must be identified separately</i>. Please read more about <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">forks.</a> As forks may often contain different material than in the parent repository, if you believe any of the repositories or files in the forks are infringing, please list each fork URL below:**

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

Yes

**Which license?**

apache-license-2.0

**How do you believe the license is being violated?**

[private] original project "varebot" is licensed under the Apache License 2.0. Section 4 ("Redistribution") of this license explicitly requires that any redistribution or derivative works must retain all original copyright and attribution notices, and must include a copy of the license itself.

The infringing repository has directly violated these mandatory conditions. They have completely removed [private] copyright notices, stripped [private] author attributions, and failed to include the required license and credits. By violating the explicit terms of the Apache License 2.0, their right to use or distribute [private] code is terminated, making their repository an unauthorized copyright infringement.

**What changes can be made to bring the project into compliance with the license? For example, adding attribution, adding a license, making the repository private.**

Add [private] credits in EVERY stolen file or remove all the repos

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full name for your signature.**

[private]
