Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

Dear Sir, Madam,

On behalf of the BREIN foundation I kindly ask you to urgently direct your attention to the following.

BREIN is the [private] anti-piracy program combining three audiovisual entertainment industries, audio, video and interactive, including books. BREIN acts against piracy of entertainment content both in the areas of fiction (music, film, books, computer games and other interactive software) as well as non fiction (such as news and current events publications and other such informative or infotainment content), on behalf of and for the benefit of rights holders and interested parties such as authors, performing artists, publishers, producers and distributors. BREIN takes civil action in its own name against the making available on the internet of files with entertainment content without authorization of its rights holders. In the event that the gravity and extent of the case give cause to it, BREIN files a complaint regarding such activities to the relevant authorities for criminal investigation and prosecution.

BREIN has found that several of your users use your platform to distribute copies of the evidently illegal product 'Bypass-paywalls-clean' (https://github.com/Clebio2030/bypass-paywalls-chrome-clean-master-magnolia-1234; https://github.com/syuraj/bypass-paywalls-chrome-clean; https://github.com/eugenesvk/bypass-paywalls-chrome-clean). The Bypass-paywalls-clean product allows users to bypass technical protection measures put in place by rights holders, e.g. publishers of online newspapers and other periodicals, to prevent unauthorized access to their works specifically by anyone who is not a paying subscriber (so called 'paywalls'). Bypass-paywalls-clean is clearly primarily designed and promoted for the purpose of making it possible for users to bypass these technical measures. This is not just evident from the name 'Bypass-paywalls-clean', but also made explicit in the Readme (see the  attached screenshots) This is unlawful both pursuant to [private] and EU law on the respective basis of article 29a(3) of the [private] copyright act and article 6(2) of EU regulation 2001/29/eg and based on US law on the basis of section 17 U.S.C. § 1201 (1998).

As a result of this unlawful action the rightsholders that rely upon these technological protection measures to capitalize on their works, suffer severe damage and are likely to suffer even more damage in the future. As the product, through Github, is accessible for and i.a. directed at the public in The [private] the laws of the [private] are applicable and BREIN is involved in this matter.

As Bypass-paywalls-clean is hosted on and distributed through your platform, Github Qualifies as an intermediary whose services are used in the provision of an unlawful service. Pursuant to EU and [private] law, such an intermediary can avoid liability for the relevant infringement if they act expeditiously to remove or disable access to the relevant information upon having been informed by a reliable source of the presence of such infringing material on your servers. The notices of the BREIN foundation have been acknowledged as reliable by various competent courts of law. Additionally as pertains to the case at hand on behalf of BREIN:   
"I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice."  
"I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law."  
"I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."  
“I have taken fair use into consideration."

Given the forgoing we kindly ask for your help and request your company to cease and desist from providing intermediary services for Bypass-paywalls-clean. This should include removing or making inaccessible the Paywallhub service that can be found on the above mentioned URL's:   
https://github.com/Clebio2030/bypass-paywalls-chrome-clean-master-magnolia-1234;  
https://github.com/syuraj/bypass-paywalls-chrome-clean and   
https://github.com/eugenesvk/bypass-paywalls-chrome-clean.  
In the event you have any questions please don't hesitate to contact us.

Thank you in advance for your cooperation.

All Rights Reserved.  
Yours sincerely,  
[private]  
[private]  
Appointed [private]  

The Art Of Protecting The Creative

T [private]    [private]  

W [private]    [private]  
