Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf? If you are submitting this notice on behalf of a company, please be sure to use an email address on the company's domain. If you use a personal email address for a notice submitted on behalf of a company, we may not be able to process it.**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am the [private] for the 42 association.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed.**

42 is a private educational institution. The 42 curriculum is developed by 42 and its partners and is owned by 42. Any relevant content published on GitHub by a third party is protected by intellectual property rights owned by 42, as these are subjects included in the 42 curriculum.

People with access to this content 42 sign terms and conditions of use of the 42 plateform which expressly state that"The presentation and the content of the Intranet 42 constitute a work protected by the applicable laws on intellectual property and are the property of 42. No replication and/or representation, whether partial or integral, shall be made without the prior written consent of 42.  
The drawings, photographs, images, texts, animated footages, with or without sound, databases, software as well as the pedagogical videos and media, the computer code of the Intranet 42 and other documentations represented on the Intranet 42 are eligible for the protection conferred by the Intellectual Property Code or by the image rights and are, as the case may be, the property of 42 or of third-parties having authorized 42 to exploit them.
As such, any replication, representation, adaptation, translation and/or modification, whether partial or total, or transfer to another website are strictly prohibited, without the prior written consent of 42."

**If the original work referenced above is available online, please provide a URL.**

No, only on the 42 Intranet.

**We ask that a DMCA takedown notice list every specific file in the repository that is infringing, unless the entire contents of the repository are infringing on your copyright. Please clearly state that the entire repository is infringing, OR provide the specific files within the repository you would like removed.**

**Based on the above, I confirm that:**

Specific files within the repository are infringing

**Identify only the specific file URLs within the repository that is infringing:**

https://github.com/wis-aerrajiy/42-Exam/blob/master/subjects/subject.en.txt  
https://github.com/wis-aerrajiy/42-Exam/tree/master/.subjects => dans ce dossier il y a de nombreux fichiers "subject.en.txt" dans plein de sous-dossiers différents.  
https://github.com/wis-aerrajiy/push_swap/blob/main/en.subject-pushswap.pdf  
https://github.com/wis-aerrajiy/push_swap/blob/main/push-swap-evaluation-sheet.pdf  
https://github.com/wis-aerrajiy/42_Subjects/tree/master => tous les fichiers *des .pdf, et des .txt) sauf le fichier README.md

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**If you are reporting an allegedly infringing fork, please note that each fork is a distinct repository and <i>must be identified separately</i>. Please read more about <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">forks.</a> As forks may often contain different material than in the parent repository, if you believe any of the repositories or files in the forks are infringing, please list each fork URL below:**

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full name for your signature.**

[private]
