 We represent AWARE7 GmbH, [private]. Our client is the exclusive rights holder of the software "nmap-unleashed" pursuant to Sec. 69b of the [private] Copyright Act (UrhG). The repository at https://github.com/sharkeonix/nmap-unleashed, operated by the user "Sharkeonix" ([private]), contains source code developed by [private] during his employment with our client and published without authorisation. The publication infringes our client's exclusive exploitation rights (Secs. 69c, 97 UrhG), its rights in the work title "nmap-unleashed" (Secs. 5(3), 15 [private] Trademark Act) and constitutes unlawful use and disclosure of trade secrets (Sec. 4 [private] Trade Secrets Act). Full details of the infringement, including a line-by-line source code comparison and metadata analysis, are set out in the attached [private] dated [private]. Now again as machine translation attached.

[private] was given until [private] to submit an undertaking to cease and desist backed by a contractual penalty; this deadline has expired without compliance. On behalf of our client and pursuant to Art. 16 of Regulation (EU) 2022/2065 (Digital Services Act), we hereby request that GitHub promptly disable access to the repository identified above, including all forks, at the latest until

[private]
 
I confirm in good faith that the use of the materials identified in our notice is not authorized by the rights holder, its agent, or the law. I have considered the applicable limitations and exceptions under [private] copyright law (§§ 44a et seq. UrhG) and none of them apply.


I confirm that the information contained in this notice is accurate and that I am authorized to act on behalf of AWARE7 GmbH as the holder of the exclusive rights that are being infringed.

---------------------------------------------------

[private]  
[private]/ [private]
___________________________

[private]  
[private]  
[private]  

 

Telefon: [private]  

Telefax: [private]  
