Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

Dear Designated Agent,

This notice is being issued by Corsearch Inc (“Corsearch”) on behalf of Crossway (“Rightsholder”), the owner/controller of the exclusive rights being infringed in the copyright protected work referred to below.

Evidence of Corsearch Inc’s authority to act on behalf of the Rightsholder can be found at:

[private]

Infringed Copyright Protected Work (“Infringed Content”):  
ESV Bible

https://www.crossway.org/bibles/esv-study-bible-case/

Infringing URLs/Identifiers:

https://github.com/JerronAB/ESV-BibleAPI/tree/main/bible

The unauthorised distribution or public performance of copyrighted works constitutes copyright infringement under the Copyright Act, Title 17 U.S Code Section 106(3)-(4), and comparable laws in other countries. This conduct may also violate the Berne Convention for the Protection of Literary and Artistic Works and The Universal Copyright Convention, as well as bilateral treaties with other countries that allow for protection of Rights Holders' copyrighted works.

In light of the foregoing, we demand that you immediately cease such unlawful activities and take steps to ensure that, in the future, you do not infringe upon Rightsholder’s exclusive rights under copyright. Without limitation, we demand that you immediately cease and desist from directly or indirectly causing, contributing to, enabling, facilitating, aiding, abetting, inducing, encouraging, and / or participating in the infringement of Rightsholder’s copyrighted works, including but not limited to the Infringed Content as identified.

We believe this information is sufficient for you to locate and cease the infringing activities complained of in this notice and this notice creates in you, actual knowledge of the ongoing infringement.

I declare that:

(a) I have a good faith belief that use of the Infringed Content owned and/or controlled by the Rightsholder in the manner complained of is not authorised by the copyright owner, its agents, or the law.

(b) under penalty of perjury, the information contained in this notice is accurate and Corsearch is authorised to act on behalf of the Rightsholder.

This letter is without prejudice to all other rights and remedies of Crossway  , all of which are expressly reserved.

I have taken fair use into consideration.

Sincerely,  
[private]  
Corsearch Inc  
[private]  

Corsearch [private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private] — [private]  
