Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

Dear Sirs

As discussed, we’ve been made aware of a repository on GitHub that includes STV live stream URLs:

It has been brought to our attention that your service currently holds a repository of STV live stream copyrighted material which had not been authorised by the rights holder.

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

The STV stream URLs that are currently on your service are ones taken from our service directly and are the production Yospace ones. These are only meant for consumption by first party Player apps.

Please have these links (numbered 177 - 186 on this link    [iptv/streams/uk.m3u at master · iptv-org/iptv · GitHub](https://github.com/iptv-org/iptv/blob/master/streams/uk.m3u#L177) ) removed from your service as a matter of urgency. 

CODE LINES 

177 - #EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="STV.uk",STV (1080p) [Geo-blocked]  
178 - [private]  
179 - #EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="STV.uk",STV (1080p) [Geo-blocked]  
180 - [private]  
181 - #EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="STV.uk",STV (720p) [Geo-blocked]  
182 - [private]  
183 - #EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="STV.uk@Plus1",STV+1 (1080p) [Geo-blocked]  
184 - [private]  
185 - #EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="STV.uk@Plus1",STV+1 (1080p) [Geo-blocked]  
186 - [private]    


I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  
Please acknowledge receipt and timescale of takedown.  
[private]

[private]  
[private] Tel: [private]  
E. [private]  W. www.stv.tv

STV, [private]   T. [private]
