Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

Dear DMCA Agent:

 

On behalf of Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. and FIS Capital Markets UK Limited (collectively, “FIS”), the owner of the copyright to FIS Insurance Risk Suite, formerly Prophet (“Prophet”). Prophet is proprietary and only available to authorized licensees.

 

I request that GitHub remove the following thread that contains copyrighted material from your website:

 

- Is it not possible to apply numpy in a cell? #100, available at: https://github.com/fumitoh/modelx/discussions/100
 

I request that the user [private] delete the post that contains Prophet variable names and formulas and/or variable names and formulas derived from the same.

 

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

 

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

 

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

 

Best regards,

 

[private]

[private]

FIS [private]

[private]

 

T:   [private]

E:   [private]
