Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf? If you are submitting this notice on behalf of a company, please be sure to use an email address on the company's domain. If you use a personal email address for a notice submitted on behalf of a company, we may not be able to process it.**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

We are the company that develops the library which is uploaded without permission on GitHub.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed.**

Phpdocx is a document generation library. It is a paid, commercial product, a proprietary software.

https://www.phpdocx.com/

**If the original work referenced above is available online, please provide a URL.**

https://github.com/baotuyen777/demo/tree/master/phpdocxfull

**We ask that a DMCA takedown notice list every specific file in the repository that is infringing, unless the entire contents of the repository are infringing on your copyright. Please clearly state that the entire repository is infringing, OR provide the specific files within the repository you would like removed.**

**Based on the above, I confirm that:**

Specific files within the repository are infringing

**Identify only the specific file URLs within the repository that is infringing:**

https://github.com/baotuyen777/demo/tree/master/phpdocxfull

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

phpdocx is a paid product. One must pay for it in order to get access to it.

Once the user pays for it, it is implied that they agree with the License Conditions, which forbids its public distribution. More about this in following answers.

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

The user has taken the code of the product and distributed it in public, thus going against the product´s License Conditions.

**If you are reporting an allegedly infringing fork, please note that each fork is a distinct repository and <i>must be identified separately</i>. Please read more about <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">forks.</a> As forks may often contain different material than in the parent repository, if you believe any of the repositories or files in the forks are infringing, please list each fork URL below:**

https://github.com/baotuyen777/demo/tree/master/phpdocxfull

**Based on the representative number of forks I have reviewed, I believe that all or most of the forks are infringing to the same extent as the parent repository.**

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

Yes

**Which license?**

other

**How do you believe the license is being violated?**

The user has taken the code of the product and distributed it in public, thus going against the product´s License Conditions.

Here are the license conditions which the fork is violating:

https://www.phpdocx.com/license-conditions

1. The customer (Licensee) agrees to be bound by this License Agreement once the purchase process of the PHPDOCX license has been completed.
   
4. This license gives the Licensee the right to install PHPDOCX in ONE server/VPS/container/machine for production use. The license is tied to a single and particular domain/project/client specified by the Licensee during the purchase process. Therefore, the license CAN NOT be used or moved to a different domain/project/client unless the license transfer process specified by the Licensor has been previously complied with.
   
5. This license also grants the Licensee the right to install the PHPDOCX library package in localhost, private networks and servers/VPS/containers/machines for development and testing purposes but NOT for production.
   
6. The Licensee may not redistribute PHPDOCX in its current version or with any modification of the source code introduced by the Licensee.
   
7. The Licensee CAN NOT redistribute PHPDOCX package as part of other product without the explicit permission by writing of the copyright holder (Licensor) of PHPDOCX.
   
8. The Licensee will not remove or modify any copyright notice from any of the source files included in the PHPDOCX package.
   
10. The trial package CAN NOT be used in production environments. It can be used only for testing purposes.
    
11. The watermarks added by the trial package CAN NOT be removed from the documents.

**What changes can be made to bring the project into compliance with the license? For example, adding attribution, adding a license, making the repository private.**

Ideally we ask the repository to be taken down, removed. Or at least made private.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

We have no contact information of this person, that's why we fill this form. Thanks in advance for your help.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full name for your signature.**

[private]
