**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf? If you are submitting this notice on behalf of a company, please be sure to use an email address on the company's domain. If you use a personal email address for a notice submitted on behalf of a company, we may not be able to process it.**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am one of the [private] to the official website for TIARA 2024, the annual tech fest of St Joseph Engineering College (SJEC). The website was developed collaboratively by the student team under the guidance and ownership of the college and GDSC SJEC.

The original repository is publicly hosted on GitHub at:  
🔗 https://github.com/tiarasjec/website

The deployed version of the site can be accessed here:  
🔗 [private]

All code, design, and content were developed specifically for this event, and the intellectual property belongs to St Joseph Engineering College and its organizing committee. I am authorized to act on behalf of the institution in this matter.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed.**

The infringing repository in question is hosted by a GitHub users under the handles rustix69 & Anuran12 at:  
🔗 https://github.com/rustix69/sanskriti-2k25  
🔗 https://github.com/Anuran12/Sanskriti-2025  

The users has copied our entire repository including structure, codebase, design, components, and even team data, while removing the .git directory to hide the source history.

He/they falsely claims to have built the website "fully from scratch" and has slightly modified text and logos, while the majority of the code and structure remain unchanged.

This can be verified through visual comparison and source inspection. For example:

Our team section: [private]

Their team section: [private]

The content still showcases our college’s actual team names, which further proves that the material was directly copied without any attribution or consent.

Additionally, the copied work was used to market and conduct an actual college event under the name "Sanskriti 2K25" using the infringing website:
🔗 [private]

Their vercel deployment also reflects the copied code:  
🔗 [private]

The violation includes:

1. Unauthorized reuse of source code

2. Misrepresentation of authorship

3. Public and commercial display without permission

This is a 100% reproduction of our original work and not a derivative or inspired version.

**If the original work referenced above is available online, please provide a URL.**

Original Website: [private]

Original GitHub Repo: https://github.com/tiarasjec/website

Infringing Repo: https://github.com/rustix69/sanskriti-2k25 and https://github.com/Anuran12/Sanskriti-2025

Infringing Website: [private] and [private]

**We ask that a DMCA takedown notice list every specific file in the repository that is infringing, unless the entire contents of the repository are infringing on your copyright. Please clearly state that the entire repository is infringing, OR provide the specific files within the repository you would like removed.**

**Based on the above, I confirm that:**

The entire repository is infringing

**Identify the full repository URL that is infringing:**

https://github.com/rustix69/sanskriti-2k25  
https://github.com/Anuran12/Sanskriti-2025

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**If you are reporting an allegedly infringing fork, please note that each fork is a distinct repository and <i>must be identified separately</i>. Please read more about <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">forks.</a> As forks may often contain different material than in the parent repository, if you believe any of the repositories or files in the forks are infringing, please list each fork URL below:**

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

This is the contact information of the event organizer and not directly of the github users  
[private] : [private]  
[private] : [private]

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full name for your signature.**

[private]
