While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

We (Sortdesk [private] - I am the [private]) hired a [private] on [private] to implement our website. The [private] now published both our codebase on GitHub and the website on [private]. I am authorized to act on my company's behalf (I am the 100% [private] and [private] of the company).

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The codebase of our company website (it has evolved in the meantime, but that was the original version).
Our website is currently published here (new version): https://sortdesk.com/

The freelancer published the old codebase on:  
- GitHub: https://github.com/hoangeel/sortdesk  
- [private]: [private]

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The whole repository: https://github.com/hoangeel/sortdesk

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

Git repository with strict access control. Access only granted for the time of the project. Asked [private] to delete the local copy once the project is done.

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

Probably did not delete his local copy.

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

I have searched for forks, this is the only one I found.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

Back when we hired the guy it was [private], but he has now changed names on [private]. We are also in touch with [private] to support us identifying the guy.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

Sortdesk [private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private] (on behalf of Sortdesk [private])
