Dear Sir or Madam,

Altice France has received information that the link(s) listed below, which appears to be on servers seemingly under your control, is offering unlicensed copies of copyrighted works published by Altice France.

1. Identification of copyrighted works:

- Copyrighted work(s): (See list below)

- Copyright owner: Altice France

2. Copyright infringing material or activity found at the following location(s):

(See list below)

The above product(s) is being made available for copying, through downloading, at the above location without authorization of the copyright owner.

3. Statement of authority:

The information in this notice is accurate, and I hereby certify under penalty of perjury that I am authorized to act on behalf of Altice France, the owner of the copyright(s) in the work(s) identified above.

I have a good faith belief that none of the materials or activities listed above have been authorized by Altice France, its agents, or the law.

We hereby give notice of these activities to you and request that you take expeditious action to remove or disable access to the material described above, and thereby prevent the illegal reproduction and distribution of this product(s) via your company's network.

This letter is an official notification under the principles of the Section 512(c) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act.

We appreciate your cooperation in this matter. Please advise us regarding what actions you take.

Yours sincerely,

[private]  
[private], [private]  
[private] - [private]  
[private] / [private]  
[private]  
[private],  
[private], [private], [private]

On behalf of Altice [private]

List of works and infringing URLs / Liste des œuvres et URLs en infraction :


RMC Sport :

https://github.com/majdsassi/Sport-IPTV-FR
-----
[private]  
[private]
