Dear GitHub Copyright Agent,

Considering that:

- I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

- I have taken fair use into consideration.

I am writing to report a case of copyright infringement on your platform, in accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA):

[private] worked for our company from [private], as a [private] on WhichPharma project, an electronic markeplace for searching medecines. He has been demanding us an experience letter, despite we are not obliged nor willing to do so due to the poor quality of the work he delivered to us. Now he is blackmailing us, by turning our code public on GitHub, demanding us to give him the experience letter otherwise will not remove it (please read the emails below).

Below are the details of the infringement.

1. Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed:  
Location: [private]

2. Identification of the infringing material:  
https://github.com/abidaqureshi/WhichPharma-productions

3. Contact Information:  
    - Name: [private]  
    - Title: [private]  
    - Company: RB PHARMA  
    - Email: [private]  

4. Statement of Good Faith:  
  I have a good faith belief that the use of the copyrighted materials described above is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.

5. Verification Statement:  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

6. Information about how we came to discover this repository, including a more detailed explanation of the specific contents in the repository? If possible, please include any screenshots that you can provide that would allow us to understand the nature of the alleged infringement:
 
[private]  
