Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

To whom It May Concern

DMCA Notification  
The following information is presented for the purposes of removing web content that infringes on our copyright per the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. We appreciate your enforcement of copyright law and support of our rights in this matter.

Identification of Copyrighted Work

The copyrighted work at issue is the text that appears on codility.com and its related pages. The pages in question contain a clear copyright notification and are the intellectual property of the complainant.

Identification of Infringed Material

The following copyrighted paragraphs have been allegedly copied from the copyrighted work:

1) Link: https://gist.github.com/johnelm/216d5eebf38c0f4ff1b54d27a31fcf2d?permalink_comment_id=3644522#gistcomment-3644522  
Text starting from: "An array A consisting of N integers is given. The"  
to: "the minimal cost of dividing chain into three pieces"  
original content (behind a paywall): https://app.codility.com/task-library/#/break_the_chain


Notifying Party

Codility Limited  
Attn: [private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  

[private]  
Copyright Owners Statement

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the allegedly infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law. 
I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification is accurate and that I am authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
