**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am the [private] and [private] of the project in question. [private] developed and copyrighted the code from the outset, ensuring that all rights related to this code belong to [private].

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The original copyrighted work consists of a proprietary codebase developed for our project, which was privately stored on [private]. This code was meticulously crafted from the ground up and contains unique features and functionalities specific to our application. The original code can be found at the following URL: [private].

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The entire repository, found at https://github.com/shamaksym12/voxiplan, should be taken down. It not only infringes on our copyright but also exposes sensitive API keys that pose a significant security risk.

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

As of now, I have identified the main infringing repository. I would kindly request GitHub to check if there are any forks related to this repository and notify me if any are discovered.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

I do not have direct contact information for the infringer. However, we have worked with two developers in the past with [private] usernames: [private] and [private]. They had threatened to release our code a few months ago.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Telephone: [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
