While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

This user has copied code from our private repository of Headstrt. We will be taking legal actions against this user for publishing our exact code with a very high degree of match. This is our original code which is privatized: [private]  

and this is the copied code on Github: https://github.com/avrulesyou  
All their repos are copied code from Headstrt repos. While we will be sending a legal notice to this entity before we engage them in a formal lawsuit, we want Github to comply here with code conventions and copyright laws of [private], else we will be forced to report Github too as a part of this malicious copright infringement case.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Multiple repos have been copied from our Headstrt [private]: [private]

to this misappropriated & plagiarized repo on Github: https://github.com/avrulesyou

This person has uploaded the same code, and is likely one of the contractors that we hired & fired last year for their poor performance/work ethics.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

These repos have to be compulsorily be taken down:  
- https://github.com/avrulesyou/Flutter-Consulting-KYC-App  
- https://github.com/avrulesyou/Admin-Dasboard  
- https://github.com/avrulesyou/Web-Video-Chat-Backend  
- https://github.com/avrulesyou/Face-Detection-Microservice  
-

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

We enable & remove access of our teammates & colleagues to our source code, based on their tenure with us. We also make them sign invention agreements that mandate them to keep all company assets/codes confidential forever. If there is any leakage or unapproved exposure happening on their part, it is legally binding for us to make legal claims against it. We will also have to mark Github on this, as yours has been the platform on which this plagiarism has occurred.

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

It is blatant replication of our codebase, this is something we will just not tolerate and we will seek economic compensation for damages, and also demand the source be blocked from Github through the digital courts of [private].

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

The entire repos are purely copied from ours, no need to look at Forks or pulls, as our code is all privatized, hence there is no scope of forks.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
[private]  
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
