Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

Note: Because the reported network that contained the allegedly infringing content was larger than one hundred (100) repositories, and the submitter alleged that all or most of the forks were infringing to the same extent as the parent repository, GitHub processed the takedown notice against the entire network of 177 repositories, inclusive of the parent repository. 

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

Yes

**Please provide the Zendesk ticket number of your previously submitted notice. Zendesk ticket numbers are 7 digit ID numbers located in the subject line or body of your confirmation email.**

2351053

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am reaching out as a[private] for Stanford's [private]. We have noticed that solutions to past [private] assignments have been posted publicly online. Part of our [private] is to remove such proprietary material.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

First, the original copyrighted work included the four problem sets assigned during the course -- the problem statements, problem solutions, starter code, data, and any diagrams or visualizations are all proprietary material developed by course staff. Further, this also includes other copyrighted course material, like exam problem statements and solutions, additional reading material, and final project information. There is no publicly accessible URL to the original work online.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

We would appreciate if this entire repository could be taken down: https://github.com/naveenkunareddy/CS229_ML

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

The original copyrighted material is in a private GitHub repository, and is shared with students via a [private] forum. Only [private] have access to the GitHub, which contains an archive of problems and solutions, and only enrolled students have access to the [private].

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

We trust students to uphold their end of the Stanford Honor Code, which includes not sharing course material online. The accused repository has violated the Honor Code by willfully posting this material online.

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, there appear to be 176 forks. Based on the representative number of forks I have reviewed, I believe that all or most of the forks are infringing to the same extent as the parent repository.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Repository can be made private

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
