**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

From CyberSOC Deloitte, we are the authorized representatives of Microfocus. Our client has requested to achive the takedown of the repository fortify-license-crack of the user shellsec, because is sharing code that is cracking the license of our client product.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

fortify is a security software provider that was owned by our client in 2017.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/shellsec/fortify-license-crack

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

The licenses are served when customers owns the product. Using a software to crack the licenses goes against the law.

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

Its avoiding the restrictions put by our client with the intention of take a free license.

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

There are 3 forks including this repository that affects our client.

https://github[.]com/shellsec/fortify-license-crack

[invalid]

[invalid]

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

Yes

**Which license?**

Confidentialcomputersoftware.Exceptasspecificallyindicatedotherwise,avalidlicensefromMicroFocusisrequiredforpossession,useorcopying.ConsistentwithFAR12.211and12.212,CommercialComputerSoftware,ComputerSoftwareDocumentation,andTechnicalDataforCommercialItemsarelicensedtotheU.S.Governmentundervendor'sstandardcommerciallicense

**How do you believe the license is being violated?**

The repository is exploiting a vulnerability of fortify to get free access to the platform.

**What changes can be made to bring the project into compliance with the license? For example, adding attribution, adding a license, making the repository private.**

Removing the repository.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Tel: [private]

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
