**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

Yes

**Please provide a link to your previously submitted notice. You can also provide just the Zendesk ticket number. Zendesk ticket numbers are 7 digit ID numbers located in the subject line or body of your confirmation email.**

1351287

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

As an employee of Telstra, I am seeking the removal of a public github repository that is exclusively holding Telstra Intellectual property.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The infringing copyrighted work comprises code for the building and orchestration of ucs pods and virtual systems that comprise a cloud offering.

This is private code owned by Telstra. The code was acquired by the infringing party when working for Telstra between [private].

The infringing party was not authorised to possess this code following their separation from Telstra.

This code was not authorised for public distribution.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The entirety of the following github repository contains code that is the Intellectual Property of Telstra Corporation Limited. As such, we are requesting that this repository be removed.

https://github.com/sydneybelinda/powershell

A description of the infringing content within the repository:

BelindaTelstra-CSDData.xlsx <= A Telstra template holding Telstra Cloud service build and design data.

PodAutoBuild.zip <= Archive holding PodAutoBuild.ps1, PodBuildCheck.ps1, and pod8.xml (see below annotations).

PodAutoBuild/PodAutoBuild.ps1 <= Telstra code for the automated build of ucs pods hosting virtual systems that are part of a Telstra Cloud offering.

PodAutoBuild/PodBuildCheck.ps1 <= Telstra code for ucs pod build validation.

PodAutoBuild/pod8.xml <= Telstra code for ucs pod configuration.

VMWareBuild-script.zip <= Archive holding VMWareBuild.ps1 (see below annotation)

VMWareBuild.ps1 <= Telstra code for building virtual systems based on a given Telstra template (e.g. BelindaTelstra-CSDData.xlsx).

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

[private]

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
