While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

Note: Because the parent repository of https://github.com/psauxx/Twitch-Secuirty was actively being forked when this DMCA takedown notice was received, and there were no known forks at the time they submitted the takedown notice, GitHub processed the takedown notice against the entire network of 4 repositories, inclusive of the parent repository.

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am an attorney at Morrison & Foerster, submitting this request on behalf of Twitch Interactive, Inc.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The content on GitHub contains information that consists of Twitch confidential and proprietary information and copyrighted material, among other things ("Content"). We note that other websites have proactively removed similar Content already, without receiving a request from Twitch. Other similar Content was also on GitHub earlier this week, and has been removed.

The Content has been posted in connection with criminal activity and relates to violations of multiple United States and international laws, including the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act and the Copyright Act. Twitch has also notified law enforcement regarding this matter. We have submitted a letter associated with ticket #1349651 as well.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://gist.github.com/zkxs/4ae613615190ffdb36c3148baf9f33b3

[invalid]

https://gist.github.com/troyhunt/0770c16acc04009a85d804524a839e2b

https://github.com/psauxx/Twitch-Secuirty

https://gist.github.com/zkxs/7948e7b6f746375dfc0ee31864b9c430

Links listed here relate to copyrighted material. The letter we sent associated with ticket #1349651 contains additional links which relate to proprietary information that violates GitHub’s Terms as well and should be taken down.

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

.

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

.

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Morrison & Foerster c/o [private]

425 Market St.

San Francisco, CA 94105

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
