Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md).

---

Dear Sir:

I write on behalf of The Boeing Company ("Boeing"), as its duly authorized representative for the purpose of this DMCA takedown request pursuant to 17 U.S.C. ยง512(c)(3). It has come to our attention that Boeing's exclusive rights in its copyrighted work(s) as described below are being infringed. Specifically, Boeing's rights are infringed by the availability for viewing and downloading its copyrighted works ("the Infringing Material") accessible at the URL(s) identified below:

https://github.com/mahima145/project/blob/master/IOT%20Research.pdf ("IOT Research.pdf");  
https://github.com/mahima145/project/blob/master/IOT%20Study.docx ("IOT Study.docx")

I have a good faith belief that Boeing has not authorized the aforementioned use of the Infringing Material.
x~
I have taken fair use into consideration.

Under penalty of perjury in a United States court of law, I state that the information contained in this notification is accurate, and that I am authorized to act on the behalf of the exclusive rights holder for the copyrighted work in question.

Accordingly, we request that you remove the Infringing Material or disable access to it immediately.

I may be contacted at the following addresses:

[private]  
The Boeing Company  
[private]  
[private]  
[private], [private]  
[private], [private]  
[private]  
[private]

Please note that the "original" content is not posted online due to its proprietary nature and is available only to authorized licensees and customers or for internal use only.

This notice is not a complete statement of Boeing's rights in connection with this matter, and nothing contained herein constitutes an express or implied waiver of any rights, remedies, or defenses of Boeing, all of which are expressly reserved.

I thank you in advance for your prompt attention to this matter.

Signature: [private]
