Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

To whom it may concern:

I am an authorized representative of the copyright owner, Shanghai Hode Information Technology Co., Ltd. d/b/a Bilibili. My contact information is as follows:

[private]

[private], Baker & Hostetler LLP

[private]

[private]

[private]

[private]

[private]

Our firm represents Shanghai Hode Information Technology Co. Ltd. d/b/a Bilibili (“Bilibili”) (www.bilibili.com), a video-sharing and -streaming site, in intellectual property matters. It has come to Bilibili’s attention that source code in which Bilibili owns the copyright is being displayed and publicly disseminated without Bilibili’s permission by GitHub user “derrick-zhu.” This user is a former employee of Bilibili and the posting of Bilibili’s copyrighted source code is unauthorized by Bilibili.

The GitHub repositories in question are:

https://github.com/derrick-zhu/panthage/tree/develop/ref/tools/template  (the three repositories other than “DummyInfo.plist” infringe Bilibili’s copyright in their entirety)

https://github.com/derrick-zhu/panthage/blob/b508177cde8c61eed79cad0cfda39767d8e8f071/ref/bili_scanner.py (entire repository infringes Bilibili’s copyright)

The copyrighted works are not licensed under an open source license; all content is intended to be closed source.

The information stored at https://github.com/derrick-zhu/panthage/blob/b508177cde8c61eed79cad0cfda39767d8e8f071/ref/bili_scanner.py includes Bilibili’s current employees’ email addresses, which constitute confidential information of Bilibili:

We request that each of the repositories identified above be removed from GitHub, or that access thereto be disabled. I do not have contact information for the alleged infringer other than their GitHub account name.

I have read and understand GitHub’s Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described in this email and its attachment is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.  I understand that under 17 U.S.C. § 512(f), I may be liable for any damages, including costs and attorneys' fees, if I knowingly materially misrepresent that reported material or activity is infringing.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

 [private]
