Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

Dear GitHub Copyright Agent:

 

I, the undersigned, state UNDER PENALTY OF PERJURY that:

 

1) I have read and understand GitHub's “Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice”.

2) Identify the copyrighted work you believe has been infringed;

The material posted at the below website appears to include a direct or literal copy of a set of files obtained from Qualcomm Atheros, Inc. and/or Qualcomm Innovation Center, Inc. (collectively “Qualcomm”), including direct or literal copies of Qualcomm’s confidential and proprietary source code for devices incorporating Qualcomm WiFi chipsets, which source code Qualcomm shares with third parties only under NDA or similar contract.  Many of the files bear confidentiality and copyright statements of Qualcomm appearing in many of the files in the repository.

3) Identify the material that you allege is infringing the copyrighted work listed in item #2, above;

https://github.com/ptwoody/Qualcomm-IPQ8074

4) Explain what the affected user would need to do in order to remedy the infringement.

In order to remedy the infringement, the affected user must remove all copies of the infringing materials posted publicly by him/her, and delete any and all unauthorized (i.e., not licensed or otherwise authorized by Qualcomm Atheros, Inc.) copies of the infringing materials from his/her possession, custody, or control.

5) Provide your contact information. Include your email address, name, telephone number and physical address.

Name of Injured Party : Qualcomm Technologies, Inc.

Name and Title: [private], [private]

Company: Qualcomm Incorporated

Address: [private].

City, State, and Zip: [private]

Email address: [private]

Telephone: [private]

6)  Provide contact information, if you know it, for the alleged infringer.

We do not have contact information for this alleged infringer.

7)  I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

8)  I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Truthfully,

[private]  
[private]  
Qualcomm Incorporated  
[private]  
[private], [private]  
[private]  
[private]
