Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

Yes

**Please provide the Zendesk ticket number of your previously submitted notice. Zendesk ticket numbers are 7 digit ID numbers located in the subject line or body of your confirmation email.**

1846096

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I created a modification to Tplmap ([private]) under GPL-3.0 license with the permission of the owner called SSTImap (https://github.com/vladko312/SSTImap). I am the [private] of the changes.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

SSTImap (https://github.com/vladko312/SSTImap) is a penetration testing tool based on Tplmap ([private]). It is distributed under GPL-3.0 license.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/trhacknon/SSTImap  
This is a repository reupload, that tries to claim authorship of the project. This is not allowed by GPL-3.0 license.
From reviewing other repositories on the account, it is clear that authorship claims are intentional and no further modifications are done.
For example, this guy clearly changed author's name here:  
[private]

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

There are other forks of my project, but they comply with GPL-3.0 license (preserve original authorship). No action should be taken against them.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

Yes

**Which license?**

GNU General Public License v3.0

**How do you believe the license is being violated?**

GNU General Public License v3.0 requires crediting original author and prohibits authorship claims.  
Although, in my case only the links were changed, reviewing other repositories on the account confirms, that it was not done in good faith.

**What changes can be made to bring the project into compliance with the license? For example, adding attribution, adding a license, making the repository private.**

Reverting commits aimed at claiming authorship, as well as preserving authorship in the future.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Other Change

**Describe the change.**

Commits, aimed at claiming authorship, should be removed.
It is clear they were not done in good faith (as most other repositories on that account also have no changes from originals other than authorship claims).
Possibly, account activity should be reviewed for copyright abuse, as authorship claims happens in most other repositories on the account.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

I was unable to find information that i could confirm as his. There was an email used to replace emails of authors, but I was unable to confirm it to belong to him.

Through nickname and email search I identified three more accounts used for such authorship claims. Here are the examples of them changing authors of other projects:
[private]  
[private] (deleted file and uploaded new one claiming authorship)  
[private]

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
