**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

We received an email from [private] that some external user is using our OAuth2 keys. We followed up to review the details and observed that an unknown user (doesn't belong to current or past history of HME employment or HME contractor) has uploaded HME Owned source code as a public repository and trying to access our test automation source code.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The individual in this case "sjadhavar2007" has obtained HME owned source code without any rightful access and he has been hosting this code on GitHub. The source code is available at the repo "https://github.com/sjadhavar2007/AtlasFramework". When you check the contributors, they are all HME team members. This individual "sjadhavar2007" shouldn't use HME proprietary source code at all. He should remove it completely from public as well any private repository.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

Please remove the complete repository: https://github.com/sjadhavar2007/AtlasFramework

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

We didn't observe any forks created on the impacted repo.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

As per the GitHub user, we found the following details:

Name: [private]  
GitHub User: [private]  

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
