Dear Sir or Madam:

 

I am contacting you as [private] of Bayerische Motoren Werke AG, otherwise known as BMW AG, the German manufacturer of BMW vehicles.  Under penalty of perjury, I assert that I am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the exclusive copyrights that are alleged to be infringed herein. I have read and understand GitHub’s Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

 

BMW has become aware that the GitHub user “piersholt” is offering proprietary BMW vehicle software content referred to in Github as “Ediabas-sgbd”, which we in good faith believe is an unauthorized reproduction of source code from exclusively owned software of BMW called “Ediabas”. The infringing content is displayed and offered for reproduction under the link:

https://github.com/piersholt/ediabas-sgbd

 

BMW has developed its Ediabas proprietary content for the diagnosis, repair and coding of its vehicles and uses this software internally or distributes these tools to contractual partners and authorized users only for use in the diagnosis, repair, programming and coding of BMW vehicles. Ediabas provides a communication interface between various BMW diagnostic software and BMW vehicles. BMW does not offer this content to third parties for reproduction purposes or for distribution in any manner, including as online downloads. 

 

Such BMW proprietory software is protected by copyright law and was created in Germany and enjoys protection in various countries around the world under the Berne Convention.

 

Example of the copyright notices included in BMW’s Ediabas software and related documents are shown below, provided here as evidence of BMW’s ownership of Ediabas:

 



 [private]
 
 [private]
 
 [private]
 
 [private]
 
 [private]

 

 

BMW also owns the trademark “EDIABAS” for vehicle diagnostic and programming software in various countries including European Trademark Reg. No. 1494082 and US Trademark Reg. No. 6144246, also offered here to show that the EDIABAS software of BMW is proprietary.

 

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on https://github.com/piersholt/ediabas-sgbd is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration. I also assert that the information contained in this notice is accurate to the best of our knowledge.

 

In fact, each of the files provided by the user includes and reproduces BMW’s code and even includes the name(s) of BMW employees who created the code. The user has merely added his own name to the code by adding a copyright notice with his name at the beginning of each file and a notice that the code is (as falsely claimed by him) is free software. An example is provided here, see:

https://github.com/piersholt/ediabas-sgbd/blob/master/D_00D0.B2G

 
The content in that link has been attached to this email. The content now highlighted in yellow (see attached document) includes the content from BMW, including the names of its employees and departments involved as shown below in the header information for the origin and authors of the content:

 

[private]

 

I am requesting your immediate assistance in removing and disabling access to the infringing material from your platform.  This refers to all content offered under the link provided above. We also ask that you ensure the user refrains from future use and sharing of BMW materials and property.

 

In complying with this notice, Github and the user piersholt should not destroy any evidence, which may be relevant in a lawsuit, relating to the infringement alleged, including all associated electronic documents and data relating to the presence of infringing items on your network, which shall be preserved while disabling public access, irrespective of any document retention or corporate policy to the contrary.

 

Please note that this letter is not intended as a full statement of the facts; and does not constitute a waiver of any rights to recover damages, incurred by virtue of any unauthorized or infringing activities, occurring on your network.  All such rights, as well as claims for other relief, are expressly reserved.

 

Should you need to contact me, I may be reached at the following address:

 

[private]

BMW Group, [private]

[private]

[private]

Tel. [private]

Email: [private]

 

Sincerely,

[private]
