While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

The files listed in the GitHub repo are written/made by me. The product was leaked due to a critical error in the early version of my license verification system. This has been resolved however the resource is still out there, it is a paid product so it is damaging my business and brand.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The product omik_polititablet is made for the game FiveM, it can be found on my website https://omikkel.com/ where I am selling the product for 650 DKK approximately 100 USD.  
The purpose of this product is to further immerse the player into his or her character as a police officer, the tablet provides the ability to lookup citizens, issue tickets, and much more. It is a hot product; unfortunately, it has been leaked since the start of 2021. This was due to an issue in my license verification system allowing users to bypass the system by removing the file providing the licensekey, this issue has since been resolved but the product still pops up every now and then.  
Direct URL to the product: https://omikkel.com/product/police-tablet/

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

A customer noticed me about this repository and I have checked that it is my product in the .zip file  
https://github.com/servercfg-filer/omik_polititablet

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

I do have a license verifications system in place and the code has been obfuscated.

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

The accused project has removed my license verification system.

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

I have not been able to find any forks containing my code or products

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

I don't know who the infringer is as he is hiding behind a Github account with no public contact information

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
