While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

Yes

**Please provide the Zendesk ticket number of your previously submitted notice. Zendesk ticket numbers are 7 digit ID numbers located in the subject line or body of your confirmation email.**

1846398

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am acting on behalf of China e-Banking Information, who is the certified software copyright owner of the project, the certificate is authorized in China and we have full rights of the project.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

China e-Banking Information is a licensed third-party payment company. In 2017, the company built a “Provisions management system” for compliance purpose and better payout service. The company had applied for copyright of the “Provisions management system” and had obtained the certificate. The system had integrated with [private] and [private] provisions system and had been put in use since its release. The original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed belongs to the “Provisions management system”.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The entire repository with the URL: https://github.com/radtek/shdy-acsdb

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

We have privatization deployment and permissions of read-only and read-and-write to control access to the copyrighted material.

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

We don’t know. But the accused project may belongs to a developer that had taken part in the project development, but we cannot identify who he is.

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, there are 3 forks with the following URLs, they must be taken down as well.  
https://github.com/moutainhigh/shdy-acsdb  
https://github.com/VKTRS2/shdy-acsdb  
https://github.com/xsj24/shdy-acsdb  

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No, we don't have it.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Address: [private]  
Contact Phone Number: [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
