Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

hi，I am from Beijing Venustech Security Technology Co., Ltd., a security service provider of China International Capital Corporation Limited (CICC). Commissioned by CICC, there are one code infringement articles published on the GitHub platform. has constituted a violation of the legitimate rights and interests of CICC, bringing security risks to CICC and its users, please delete the code content, the proof materials are attached, thank you!  
The infringing address is as follows:  
https://github.com/dengrnb/Web/tree/master/RiskMonitor

The following is a screenshot, marked as infringing code:

1，github.com/dengrnb/Web/commit/fca5189bc79beac5a3b0ff1f74eebd2788206708.The file contains ciccfund and has the official cicc fund logo，This logo is used without CICC's consent, which infringes CICC's trademark rights。


2，https://github.com/dengrnb/Web/blob/master/RiskMonitor/templates/base.html#L8.The CICC Fund Risk Management Platform mentioned in the content is an internal management platform of CICC. It does not authorize anyone to upload your platform, which violates CICC's copyright and brings security risks to CICC's customers.


3,https://github.com/dengrnb/Web/blob/master/RiskMonitor/templates/base.html#L75The CICC Fund Risk Management Platform mentioned in the content is an internal management platform of CICC. It does not authorize anyone to upload your platform, which violates CICC's copyright and brings security risks to CICC's customers.


4,https://github.com/dengrnb/Web/blob/master/RiskMonitor/templates/login.html#L53The CICC Fund Risk Management Platform mentioned in the content is an internal management platform of CICC. It does not authorize anyone to upload your platform, which violates CICC's copyright and brings security risks to CICC's customers.


5,https://github.com/dengrnb/Web/blob/master/RiskMonitor/templates/login.html#L45 The CICC Fund Risk Management Platform mentioned in the content is an internal management platform of CICC. It does not authorize anyone to upload your platform, which violates CICC's copyright and brings security risks to CICC's customers.



"I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law."

"I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."

“I have taken fair use into consideration.”

“We promise that parts of this code are copyrighted by CICC Corporation”

my contact information：[private]  
legal signature：[private]  
