Hello Dear Github：  
We are HAND Enterprise Solutions Co, Ltd. It is nice to be able to use Github such a professional and efficient platform, and now we have a need to be very hopefully able to get Github's support and resolution.

We have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

Our team created a Repository called ‘[private]' last year, which contained creators, contents  are all owned by the company. Later found that before we deleted, the user named *jiblees* completely forked our entire Repository, and it still exists.

The following is Github's URL and Screenshots about our forked Repository：  
https://github.com/jiblees/hzero-front-ui

[private]

Since ’zero-front-ui' contains the compạny's important source code, algorithm and system configuration information, belonging to the company's internal data assets, so we hope Github as soon as possible to help us completely remove jiblees/hzero-front-ui and thank you very much!  
   
The following is our contact information:  
Company Name:  HAND Enterprise Solutions Co, Ltd  
My e-mail Address:  [private]  
Cellphone:  [private]    
Company Address:  [private]    
WebSite:  https://www.hand-china.com  

 I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyrigh owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

AND also include the following statement: I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Hoping for your response, and thanks again.

[private]
