**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am an attorney authorized to submit this request on behalf of Spireon, Inc.. Spireon is a wholly owned subsidiary of Solera Inc.

Spireon owns the copyright in multiple works of software. At issue here is the source code for a web-based application intended for use within a network of dealers of Spireon's LoJack™ solutions (the "Code"). The Code was developed solely by or on behalf of Spireon or its assignors, and Spireon is the sole owner of all rights in and to the Code.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The Code is proprietary to Spireon and never has been made publicly available. However, the web app embodying the Code is accessible via the following URL:  
[private]  

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

Files comprising copies of substantial portions of the Code have been posted without Spireon's authorization in a repository on Github's platform at the following URL:  
https://github.com/sidlingappa/gca-next-develop

All or substantially all of the files within that repository are comprised of portions of the Code. That fact is evidenced by multiple references to "Spireon", "lojack", and "kahu" within the posted files. All files within that repository should be removed from Github's platform.

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Spireon is not aware of any infringing forks branching off of the infringing repository identified above, and Spireon is aware of no infringing content in any repositories otherwise related to the infringing repository identified above. Spireon will submit a separate request for removal if any other, infringing materials are identified on Github's platform.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

Spireon believes that the infringing content may have been posted on Github's platform by a former Spireon employee. Spireon is not in a position to share any personally identifying information received from any of its current or former employees. Spireon is aware of no publicy available contact information for the person in question.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

SCOTT & SCOTT LLP  
[private]  
[private]  
Main [private]  
Direct [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
