Dear Sir or Madam:

 

I am contacting you as [private] of Bayerische Motoren Werke AG, otherwise known as BMW AG, the German manufacturer of BMW vehicles.  Under penalty of perjury, I assert that I am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the exclusive copyrights and trademarks that are alleged to be infringed herein. I have read and understand GitHub’s Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

 

BMW has become aware that the GitHub user “gushmazuko” is offering proprietary BMW vehicle software content called “BMW Advanced Tools” that is exclusively owned by BMW and is displayed and offered for reproduction under the link https://github.com/gushmazuko/bmw-advanced-tools, namely:

·        INPA

·        Bluetooth Activation Tool

·        BMW Coding Tool

·        Find ECU

·        NCS Dummy

·        NCSExpert

·        Tool32

·        WinKFP

 

BMW has developed the above listed proprietary content for the diagnosis, repair and coding of its vehicles and uses this software internally or distributes these tools to contractual partners and authorized users only for use in the diagnosis, repair, programming and coding of BMW vehicles. BMW INPA software has a modular design consisting of a diagnosis module (INPA), a coding module (NCS Expert), an expert coding module (ToolSet32) and a programming module (WinKFP). BMW does not offer this content for reproduction purposes or for distribution in any manner, including as online downloads. 

 

Such BMW proprietory software is protected by copyright law and were created in Germany and enjoy protection in various countries around the world under the Berne Convention.

 

An example of the copyright notice for the most recent version of INPA can be seen here, which is a screenshot from the software:

 

[private]

 

 

In fact the updated ECU loader named MSD80 Version 2.023 links to another web site which features an image of showing the BMW logo and the INPA name on this site:

https://bimmerprofs.com/msd80-loader-2-023/



 

 

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on https://github.com/gushmazuko/bmw-advanced-tools is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration. I also assert that the information contained in this notice is accurate to the best of our knowledge.

 

The user is also using the BMW Logo on Github as seen below. The BMW Logo is one of the most famous brands in the world and is registered for vehicles, software and other products and services, including in the USA under the following registered trademarks: 1450212 and 5289890. The use of BMW Logo by the user creates a false impression that this offer of software is approved by BMW and infringes BMW’s trademark rights.

 



 

I am requesting your immediate assistance in removing and disabling access to the infringing material from your platform.  This refers to all software offered under the link provided above. We also ask that you ensure the user refrains from future use and sharing of BMW materials and property.

 

In complying with this notice, Github and the user gushmazuko should not destroy any evidence, which may be relevant in a lawsuit, relating to the infringement alleged, including all associated electronic documents and data relating to the presence of infringing items on your network, which shall be preserved while disabling public access, irrespective of any document retention or corporate policy to the contrary.

 

Please note that this letter is not intended as a full statement of the facts; and does not constitute a waiver of any rights to recover damages, incurred by virtue of any unauthorized or infringing activities, occurring on your network.  All such rights, as well as claims for other relief, are expressly reserved.

 

Should you need to contact me, I may be reached at the following address:

 

[private]

BMW Group, [private]

[private]

[private]

Tel. [private]

Email: [private]

 

 

Sincerely,

[private]

 
