**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I'm an employee of the information security department of the tuhu company. I found that the company code was leaked to GitHub, I communicate with GitHub on behalf of the company, hoping to delete these codes

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Links to original copyright works suspected of infringement: [private]

I found that the company code was leaked to GitHub, which contained a lot of sensitive information and company code private key, as well as the company's internal email address（ XXX@tuhu.cn ）Through the identification of the staff of the development department, the code is privately owned within our company and has never been publicly released by other authorized persons. The following link is our user agreement :https://www.tuhu.cn/Article_1/Article_Agreement.aspx, in which article 10.5 of Chapter 10 contains the use rules of source code, which can prove that our company has not authorized anyone to publish the source code of our commercial products. This GitHub user has violated our company's user agreement. I communicate with GitHub on behalf of the company, hoping to delete these codes

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/sundnnstore/tuhuwork

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

yes，All branches have infringement, all branches must be deleted

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

The work is commercial open source software and cannot be redistributed without our permission.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

These files must be deleted because the user does not have permission to use them

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

no

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private] mobile：[private] email：[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
