**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am an employee of the information security department of tuhu company. On behalf of the company, I request to delete the code. This code is private code of our company and is not allowed to be disclosed

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

https://github.com/litz52001/BaseModule/

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/litz52001/BaseModule/

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

I have searched all branches of the code. This is our company's product code. There are a large number of class library names containing the word "tuhu". All branch codes must be deleted

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No matter which license is involved or not, the copyright owner does not provide any license to infringe the [private] product in any way.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

It must be deleted. This is the company's product code. There are no other options except delete

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

no

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private] mobile：[private] ，Company address: 10th floor, building 1 Global Creative Center Lane No 166 Ming Hong Road (Close to He Chuan Road), Minhang District, Shanghai.

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
