**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

The original software is created by my company, we have all necessary licenses for 3rd party software used in the software.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

It's a game on steam released in 2017 https://store.steampowered.com/app/700330/SCP_Secret_Laboratory/ (it's available on Discord as well: https://discord.gg/scpsl ). It also includes some 3rd party libraries (eg. Bouncy Castle C# API, Facepunch.Steamworks, ZXing.Net).

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/ggpabuk/scpsl-decompiled

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, the repository hasn't been forked by anyone so far.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

The work itself is not licensed under any open source license, although some 3rd party libraries (that we mentioned before) are licensed under licenses such as The MIT License or The Apache License, but they are not credited in the repository in any way as well. Furthermore the repository contains libraries that are not open source (eg. Dissonance Voicechat).

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The repository entirely consists of the decompiled code of our software. It infringements both our rights and the rights of copyright holders of the 3rd party libraries used in the software.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

We failed to contact the infringer (on his GitHub profile he only provided his username on [private] and invitation link to his [private] server - both are invalid).

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
