Dear Sir / Madam:

This is a notice in accordance with the Information Technology Act, 2000 and the Information Technology (Intermediary Guidelines) Rules, 2011 framed there under, regarding the violation of Eros International Media Ltd., (the Rights Holders) exclusive rights under the Copyright Act, 1957. The unauthorized distribution will also violate the Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act (OCILLA) that forms part of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (DMCA).

The Rights Holders are the co producers of the copyrighted work and owners of the Trademark belonging to the web series that is being streamed across the internet and mobile platforms respectively. The official content can be viewed on the website www.erosnow.com and their respective mobile applications of Eros Now available on iOS and Android platforms.

It has been brought to the attention of the Rights Holders that their content is being illegally made available on your website / mobile application, and is a violation of the Rights Holders exclusive rights under the Copyright Act.

Below are the URL(s) for your reference:

https://raw.githubusercontent.com/vNogum/ttd/master/THOPTV_v42.apk

In light of the foregoing, and on behalf of the Rights Holders, we hereby demand that you immediately cease such unlawful activities and take steps to ensure that, in future, your Website does not infringe upon the Rights Holders exclusive rights under the Copyright Act. Without limitation, we demand that you immediately cease and desist from using your website to directly or indirectly cause, contribute to, enable, facilitate, aid, abet, induce, encourage, and/or participate in the infringement of the Rights Holders copyrighted works / Trademarks, including but not limited to the Intellectual Property as identified.

We believe this information is sufficient for you to locate and cease the infringing activities complained about herein. We are providing this notice based on our good faith belief that the use of the content owned by Rights Holders in the manner occurring via your website is not authorized by the copyright owners, their agents, or the law. The information contained in this notification is accurate.

Under penalty of perjury, we, Aiplex Software Pvt. Ltd, are the authorized online Anti-Piracy Solution Providers to write to you on behalf of the Rights Holders. Our contact details and letter of authorisation can be accessed below that empowers us to act on behalf of the Rights Holder whose exclusive rights that are being infringed. This letter is without prejudice to the rights and remedies of Rights Holders, all of which are expressly reserved.

DIGITAL SIGNATURE FOR COPYRIGHT CLAIM

Authorized Online Antipiracy solution provider for Eros International Media Ltd.,

[private]

[private],

Aiplex Software Private Limited,

N Cube Centre, # 91A

3rd Floor, Ideal Homes Circle

Next to Nimishambha Temple

Rajarajeshwari Nagar, Bengaluru-560 098

E-mail: [private]

Website: www.aiplex.com

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OWNERS:

Eros International Media Ltd.,

201, Kailash Plaza, Plot No. A-12,

Opp. Laxmi Ind. Estate, Link Road,

Andheri (W),

Mumbai 400 053

India.

Tel: [private]
