**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Our company has paid developers hundreds of thousands of dollars to create this healthcare practice management software, the code to which is included in this repository: https://github.com/haoyingdev611/Affinity.
The copyright to this code belongs to our company per contracts with our developers and copyright law. Our company, which owns the copyright, is listed in the contact information section of this submission under the question: “So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.”

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The original copyrighted work is code to a healthcare practice management software created for our company by developers so that we could better provide care to the elderly. The code and other information/data included in this violating repository are the sole property of our company.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The entire repository:  
https://github.com/haoyingdev611/Affinity

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

None found yet.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No, the work is not licensed under an open source.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Removing the whole repository is the only solution. Please remove all files in this repository, along with the repository itself.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

We do not have the infringer’s contact information.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
Copyright Owner Name: Affinity Care Network, Inc.

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
