**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am [private] of Simudyne Holdings Ltd. and Simudyne Ltd. We are based in the UK. The repository in question is original code written by our full-time employees [private], [private] and [private]. All of these employees have signed an IPR clause with the company and the company fully owns the IPR.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

This repository https://github.com/thecapitalistcycle/QM-MarketSimulator was forked and it is the entire repository which is our IPR. One of our employees created this git repository and thought it was marked private. But a mistake was made and the repository was made public. This was a terrible mistake. The code is copyrighted to Simudyne and was never to be released publicly.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The entire repository is our intellectual property, under our copyright, and it should be taken down: https://github.com/thecapitalistcycle/QM-MarketSimulator

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

This is the only fork that we've found at this time.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No, the work was not licensed under an open source license. The employee accidentally made the repository public and it did not come to the company's attention until today.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The repository needs to be deleted and no copy held.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No, we do not have the infringer's contact information nor was it available on GitHub.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Name: [private]  
Email: [private]  
Mobile: [private]  
Address: [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
