November 25, 2020

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

The copyrighted work that has been infringed includes all of the files provided for the [private] “Asteroids”, “MarsGlider”, “PID”, “warehouse” and “slam” projects (see attached zip files). Large portions of the files are direct literal copies of the code provided to students to start the project. (Note that we are not claiming copyright on code added to our original files.)

The specific infringing files are located at:  
https://github.com/roockyy/CS-7638  
by user “https://github.com/roockyy/CS-7638”.

Every file in the repository is a direct copy of our copyrighted work with the sole exception of the pilot.py file.

In the pilot.py file, all lines other than 27-31 and 53-116 are a direct copy of our copyrighted work.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I am asking that the [private] repository be made private. These files can be found by students in the current course, who may in a moment of weakness choose to copy them and submit it as their own work, a violation of the [private] Academic Honor Code. By removing access to this material, you will remove the temptation for current students to violate the honor code, and prevent yourself from being inadvertently drawn into an Office of Student Integrity investigation.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Sincerely,  
[private]
