Greetings,

My name is [private] from iZOOlogic Ltd. I am an authorized representative of Deutsche Bank and its subsidiary CIMB. We are reaching out to you for the removal of this repository that you hosted that contains leaked codes from the official app of CIMB.

The unauthorized and infringing copy can be found at:  
https://github.com/thomasaryanto/reactnative-pwd/commit/67b440372f36b0ad269b4c5b913ea2cd7119df03

The copyrighted work being infringed can be found at:  
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=id.co.cimbniaga.mobile.android&hl=en_GB

Specific Code on the Repository:  
https://github.com/thomasaryanto/reactnative-pwd/commit/67b440372f36b0ad269b4c5b913ea2cd7119df03#diff-e22bc931d6e4a2985c644ba369de4955f0c31b27ef98f748f58d48a3f9211b25

Our client confirmed that they do not authorize this posting and the reported repository is a leaked information which is not for public use. They have copied this repository through this official app hosted on this page:  
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=id.co.cimbniaga.mobile.android&hl=en_GB

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice and our client requested to immediately remove/suspend this repository as this may be used for malicious activity.

This letter is official notification under Section 512(c) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (”DMCA”), and I seek the removal of the aforementioned infringing material from your servers. I request that you immediately notify the infringer of this notice and inform them of their duty to remove the infringing material immediately, and notify them to cease any further posting of infringing material to your server in the future.

This is our contact details:  
Address: Level 30, The Leadenhall Building  
122 Leadenhall Street, EC3V 4AB  
City of London, UNITED KINGDOM  
Email: [private]
Phone [private]

Please also be advised that law requires you, as a service provider, to remove or disable access to the infringing materials upon receiving this notice. Under US law a service provider, such as yourself, enjoys immunity from a copyright lawsuit provided that you act with deliberate speed to investigate and rectify ongoing copyright infringement. If service providers do not investigate and remove or disable the infringing material this immunity is lost. Therefore, in order for you to remain immune from a copyright infringement action you will need to investigate and ultimately remove or otherwise disable the infringing material from your servers with all due speed should the direct infringer, your client, not comply immediately.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.

 

Thanks and Regards,

[private]  
[private]
