DMCA TAKEDOWN NOTICE

Dear Github Team,

 

I am part of Legal team in Infosys Ltd.  Infosys Ltd. (https://www.infosys.com/ )  is a NYSE listed global consulting and IT services company based out of India. It has come to our attention that Infosys Ltd. copyrighted materials were published under the account of “Viskastu” under repository named “visservelayer” at  https://github.com/viskastu/visservelayer . All the files under this project were published on 16th January,  2018 by the account owner and belongs to Infosys Ltd. The files contains proprietary copyrighted information of our organization Infosys Ltd and the same can be reflected by the copyright notice contained in the boiler plate of the project code files. 

For instance, you can refer to a sub-file within the “visservelayer” project at

https://github.com/viskastu/visservelayer/blob/995596a3ca204f46e7ce379d6545967531ee8051/src/main/java/com/infosys/pim/exception/PIMException.java  containing the Infosys copyright notice.

 

We have looked for the contact details of the account owner but due to lack of contact details we were unable to reach out to the owner directly. Further,  this publication of our organization copyrighted material is an unauthorized use by the account owner . Hence we request you to take down the entire project “visservelayer” permanently from the Github account of  “Viskastu”without leaving any trail or back-up in the GITHUB systems.

Given the criticality of the matter, we urge you to take this request forward expeditiously and would require an immediate action from your side.

 

Also, I declare:

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

 

Thank You

[private]  

Legal Department | Infosys Ltd. | Bangalore  

Contact: [private]  m

 
