**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

We Are:  
keruyun Security Group.It is nice to be able to yse Github such a professional and effcient platform,and mpw we have a need to be very hopefully able to get Github's support and resolution.

The following is our contact information:

Company Name : keruyun  
My e-mail Address: [private]  
Cellphone: [private]  
Company Address: [private]  
Website: https://www.keruyun.com/

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Some one created a Repository called '/charging' one day ago and user 'vdqbstp' forked it,which contained too much sensitive information,such as very important api key and so on.If these information are found by other people in Github,our company will be left out of pocket.

Code deployed in [private]

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/vdqbstp/charging

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, I've searched all of them.  
Repository called 'vdqbstp/charging' needs to taken down.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

the code is private.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

There is no other way but to taken down.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

Sorry, I don't. I don't know this user 'vdqbstp'

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
