**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
  
Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.  
  
**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**  
  
I am an employee of Datasite (formerly MerrrillCorp) in their Information Security Department.  
  
**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
  
This information was developed when the employee was working for MerrillCorp and was stored to the user's github account in violation of our data protection policy  
  
**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**  
  
https://github.com/simplyadrian/misc  
https://github.com/simplyadrian/misc/blob/1eea1b46d3061f5b8cfdc864f58449c039c87626/inject-leads.pl and other instances  
  
The whole repository is the property of Merrill/Datasite and should be removed.   
  
This https://github.com/simplyadrian/misc/blob/1eea1b46d3061f5b8cfdc864f58449c039c87626/inject-leads.pl#L6 even indicates the repo is the copyright of Merrill.   
  
This search highlights the usage of our internal mrll acronym we use in our short urls. https://github.com/simplyadrian/misc/search?q=mrll  
  
**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
  
No forks  
  
**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
  
Not licensed under open source  
  
**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**  
  
Making it private would still allow our intellectual property to be present out in the open.  
  
**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**  
  
No  
  
**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**  
  
**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**  
  
**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**  
  
**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**  
  
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**  
  
[private]  
  
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**  
  
[private]  
  
