**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am the [private] and authorized DMCA Agent

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The infringed material is part of the SANS SEC 540, Cloud Security and DevOps Automation, OnDemand video series. The files listed below are "sample" files of our material being provided by an individual selling unauthorized copies of the course online. I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice and have reviewed Fair Use and can confirm that this posting does not fall under any of the fair use exemptions. OnDemand videos are a streaming video and are never legally available as MP4 files for any reason.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/8osh/69/blob/master/18.%20Capital%20One%20Continuous%20Delivery%20Clean%20Room.mp4  
https://github.com/8osh/69/blob/master/17._CALMS_Automation.mp4

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

No forks were found

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

The work is not licensed under open source.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The files must be deleted as they are infringing.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

telegram: [private]  
Discord: [private]

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
