**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am the co-owner of this project.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Someone un-obfuscated our JAR Application and then published it on their GitHub. The link of the GitHub repository is https://github.com/LimeHacked/LimeHackedClientOwO. We have a private repository with [private], which is [private] where we post updates of our work. The original JAR (obfuscated) is here: https://limeclient.in/files/Lime.zip. They hate us, and by the same time raided a Discord server of one of other project.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/LimeHacked/LimeHackedClientOwO/tree/master/src/minecraft/fr/wykt/clickgui  
https://github.com/LimeHacked/LimeHackedClientOwO/tree/master/src/minecraft/me

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, I am a 100% sure that these files aren't infringing files. I also checked and compared.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

The work has no license, because it is a private repository and we don't allow it to be re-used in other projects.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The repository can be made private, but they will probably re-create another repository or make it public again. If possible, remove the folders mentioned before, or the entire project.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

I only have their Discords, and I'm not exactly sure who it is. I'll give the suspects.  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
