**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**  

We are iZOOlogic Ltd, a private security company that works on behalf of Deutsche Bank and its subsidiary CIMB Niaga.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  

The repository includes leaked information of codes that was copied from this official app of CIMB Niaga - https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=id.co.cimbniaga.mobile.android&hl=en

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**  

https://github.com/bobbyisk/mobile-react-native/commit/03357eda8dc71a67fb63ff74827f86a08f16b0e6

Following specific codes uses 'package com.mobilecimb' which is part of the source code from the offical app of CIMB that is available in the Google Playstore

Specific Code: https://github.com/bobbyisk/mobile-react-native/commit/03357eda8dc71a67fb63ff74827f86a08f16b0e6#diff-7e4ddc32fb870d1545b9dae4327bb4657ebece55d50ae477e4f612943fa80265

Specific Code: https://github.com/bobbyisk/mobile-react-native/commit/03357eda8dc71a67fb63ff74827f86a08f16b0e6#diff-67de8c107a557af8d8ef1add46443b344991533ce85c8670fc741aea14904b7d

Specific Code: https://github.com/bobbyisk/mobile-react-native/commit/03357eda8dc71a67fb63ff74827f86a08f16b0e6#diff-9526ccfd1d1813ed49c39f8c54dbeb512607376a007d824b905bc8b4e4d202d9

Specific Code: https://github.com/bobbyisk/mobile-react-native/commit/03357eda8dc71a67fb63ff74827f86a08f16b0e6#diff-bfcad417c8ab4b8107052a4eed95dc6090fee7efaa90726d3ba6b6692f81f763

Specific Code: https://github.com/bobbyisk/mobile-react-native/commit/03357eda8dc71a67fb63ff74827f86a08f16b0e6#diff-b86889f595e37570aa9fa0f438873da67f493191c0645d941944ed53eb73088b

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**  

The best solution is to remove the repository. The use of the copyrighted code here that came from the CIMB app is an unauthorized distribution that could be used to make a modified version of the app or benefit competing apps.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**  

None

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**  

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**  

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**  

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**  

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**  

Level 30, The Leadenhall Building  
122 Leadenhall Street, EC3V 4AB  
City of London, UNITED KINGDOM  
[private]  
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**  

Thanks and Regards,  

[private]  
[private]
