November 25, 2020

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

The copyrighted work that has been infringed includes all of the files provided for the [private] “Asteroids”, “MarsGlider”, “PID”, “warehouse” and “slam” projects.

All files in the repositories are direct copies with the following exceptions, which are only partial copies:

Asteroids/pilot.py – Lines 102-112, 193-206 are the infringing lines.

Marsglider/marsglider.py – Lines 1-13, 46-71, 183-190 are the infringing lines.

PID/RocketPIDStudent_submission.py.py – Lines 1-38, 50-68, 84-101 are the infringing lines.

Warehouse-Search/warehouse.py – Lines 1-319, 323-332, 334-381, 481-580, 583-597, 740-795 are the infringing lines.

slam/gem_finder.py – Lines 1-67, 83-90, 113-123, 175-179, 181-191, 240-251, 288-321 and 505-797 are the infringing lines.

The specific infringing files are located at:  
https://github.com/tiwari-manish/AI4R/  
by user “tiwari-manish/”.

There is also a fork at:  
https://github.com/Ayushijain09/AI4R

by the user Ayushijain09. (My sworn statements apply to this fork as well.)

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I am asking that the AI4R repositories at both forks be made private. These files can be found by students in the current course, who may in a moment of weakness choose to copy them and submit it as their own work, a violation of the [private] Academic Honor Code. By removing access to this material, you will remove the temptation for current students to violate the honor code, and prevent yourself from being inadvertently drawn into an Office of Student Integrity investigation.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Sincerely,

[private]
