While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf? If you are submitting this notice on behalf of a company, please be sure to use an email address on the company's domain. If you use a personal email address for a notice submitted on behalf of a company, we may not be able to process it.**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

Yes

**Please provide the Zendesk ticket number of your previously submitted notice. Zendesk ticket numbers are 7 digit ID numbers located in the subject line or body of your confirmation email.**

3856933 

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

FOLLOWUP TO TICKET # 3856933

I am an [private] at Autoliv which is an automative safety company headquartered in [private]. It was brought to my notice that some of the proprietary development work we have been working with our Customer has been posted on GitHub without authorization. We are seeking urgent help to restrict the public visibility of this github repo at the earliest. We do not know who has posted the content but our internal investigation is underway.

The following 6 repositories have ALREADY been disabled by the GitHub Team with ticket # 3856933  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  

But we missed submitting one last fork - https://github.com/hmf1235789/geely_sandbox

would really appreciate your prompt help in disabling this last repo also! If it can be done before the weekend that would be truly appreciated!

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed.**

The code and documentation shared has work we have been engaged on with our customers. It includes details of the project planning and also contains some signing keys data. This is not authorized by anyone at Autoliv to post publicly and we need help to atleast make the repository private at a minimum. We do not know who operates this github account.

The offending account is : https://github.com/hmf1235789  
The repository is : geely_sandbox

**If the original work referenced above is available online, please provide a URL.**

This is internal development from Autoliv. We do not have it posted publicly.

**We ask that a DMCA takedown notice list every specific file in the repository that is infringing, unless the entire contents of the repository are infringing on your copyright. Please clearly state that the entire repository is infringing, OR provide the specific files within the repository you would like removed.**

**Based on the above, I confirm that:**

The entire repository is infringing

**Identify the full repository URL that is infringing:**

https://github.com/hmf1235789/geely_sandbox

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

The code is saved into an internal repository in a product called [private]. We have access restricted to the developers who are involved. But we cannot prevent them from downloading if they need to work on it

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

At the moment the investigation as to how this was leaked and posted is underway

**If you are reporting an allegedly infringing fork, please note that each fork is a distinct repository and <i>must be identified separately</i>. Please read more about <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">forks.</a> As forks may often contain different material than in the parent repository, if you believe any of the repositories or files in the forks are infringing, please list each fork URL below:**

https://github.com/hmf1235789/geely_sandbox

**Based on the representative number of forks I have reviewed, I believe that all or most of the forks are infringing to the same extent as the parent repository.**

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Repository can be made private

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No...at the moment we dont know.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  

**Please type your full name for your signature.**

[private]  
