Dear Github team,

 

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

 

We are [private] for Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. parent company of Rockstar Games. We are writing to submit another takedown request regarding the source code hosted on GitHub that infringes on our copyrights. This repeating infringer has again taken our licensed FiveM source code, changed its name and claims it as their own. We request per Article F. on the GitHub DMCA Takedown Policy that this users account be terminated.


Link to our original work: https://github.com/citizenfx/fivem

 

Our copyrighted work is FiveM, which is a proprietary modification for Grand Theft Auto V, including its source code.

 

The infringing material can be found here:

 

https://github.com/XitizenFX/ALTX  
https://github.com/XitizenFX/fivez
 

This content must be completely disabled; there are no remedies to rectify this clear case of infringement.

 

[private]/Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc.  
[private]  
[private]

[private]  
[private]

 

Infringers contact information: [private]

 

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration. I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

 

ELECTRONIC SIGNATURE BELOW:

 

[private] | [private]

[private]

[private]
 

[private]

Take-Two Interactive, Software Inc.

[private]

Phone: [private] Email: [private]
