1. I have read and understand GitHub’s Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.  
   
  
2. Half-Life 1 and Half-Life 2 Beta 2003 source code.   https://store.steampowered.com/app/70/HalfLife/, https://store.steampowered.com/app/220/HalfLife_2/ . In 2003, Valve’s internal network was cracked, resulting in the leak of Half-Life 2’s source code onto the web. Valve allows the content to be used on Valve-sanctioned sites (such as Garry’s Mod) as long as it is distributed for free as a mod and does not use the original source code.  
   
  
3. https://github.com/KV-Stepchenko/half-life1_win32_722.  This includes unauthorized source code.  
   
  
We would expect the comments to be there in `cl_dlls` and `dlls` as they're modified versions of our Half-Life SDK.  However, the following comments in the KV-Stepchenko “reverse-engineered” engine code are from Half-Life 1 and Half-Life 2 Beta 2003 leaked code and should not be present:  
 
-See `engine/cl_demo.c`'s `CL_AppendDemo_f`  
  

This function and these comments are NOT present in the Half-Life 1 SDK or Quake source release.  
  These comments ARE present in Half-Life 1 and HL2 Beta 2003 code.  
  
[private]  

- See `engine/host_cmd.c`  
  
These comments are NOT present in the Half-Life 1 SDK or Quake source release.  
  These comments ARE present in Half-Life 1 and HL2 Beta 2003 code.  

[private]  
  
  
Furthermore, the repository in question is an amalgam of the Half-Life 1 SDK, the Quake GPL release, and the leaked code from Half-Life 2 Beta 2003 leak.  The Half-Life 1 SDK and Quake GPL source release are not compatible in terms of licensing, due to the infectious nature of the GPL.  


4. Because the unauthorized code is mixed throughout and the licenses are not compatible, we ask that the entire repository and the associated forks be removed from GitHub.  The forks can be found here:  
https://github.com/maximqaxd/half-life1_win32_722  
https://github.com/ugozapad/half-life1_win32_722  
  
   
  
5. [private], [private]    
Valve Corporation  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
  
   
  
6. https://github.com/KV-Stepchenko  
   
  
7. I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.  I have taken fair use into consideration.  
   
  
8. I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  
   
  
9. [private]    
   
  
Thank you for your time.  
