Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

International Broadcaster Coalition    
Against Piracy, Inc.  
[private]  
[private]  
Email: [private]  
Telephone: [private]  
www.ibcap.org  
  
[private]
  
Via Email   
GitHub US  
[private]  
  
To GITHUB US:  
   
I am an attorney for the International Broadcaster Coalition Against Piracy, Inc. (“IBCAP”).  
IBCAP is a coalition of leading international broadcasters and distributors representing more than 220  
television channels from Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and South America and is the largest anti-piracy  
organization focused on multicultural content. IBCAP’s members include the companies identified in the  
chart below (the “Rightsholders”) who hold exclusive rights in the United States to distribute and publicly  
perform many of the most popular multicultural television channels and the content available on those  
channels (the “Protected Content”).  
   
Despite GITHUB US’s receipt of one or more email notices from Nagravision SA (“NAGRA”),  
we understand that servers identified by one or more of the URLs registered to GITHUB US continue to  
unlawfully publicly perform the Protected Content in the United States. This occurs when GITHUB US’s  
servers host a website that provides access to the Protected Content (the “Viewing Page URLs”). The  
website includes links or embedded URLs that transmit the Protected Content to users of the website in the  
United States (the “Video URLs”), including the following:  
   
| Rightsholder | Protected Content       | Viewing Page URL                                          | Video URL                                         |  
|--------------|------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------|  
| NHK          | NHK BS Premium 4K      | https://github.com/luongz/iptv-jp/blob/main/jp.m3u        | https://mt01.utako.moe/bsp4k/index.m3u8           |  
| NHK          | NHK BS                 | https://github.com/luongz/iptv-jp/blob/main/jp.m3u        | https://mt01.utako.moe/NHK_BS/index.m3u8          |  
| NHK          | NHK Educational TV     | https://github.com/luongz/iptv-jp/blob/main/jp.m3u        | https://mt01.utako.moe/NHK_E/index.m3u8           |  
| NHK          | NHK General TV         | https://github.com/luongz/iptv-jp/blob/main/jp.m3u        | https://mt01.utako.moe/NHK_G/index.m3u8           |  
   
We hereby provide notice of copyright infringement consistent with the terms of the Digital  
Millennium Copyright Act (the “DMCA”). The continued use of GITHUB US’s servers to provide access  
to webpages that provide links or embedded URLs to the Protected Content subjects GITHUB US to  
liability for copyright infringement. Rightsholders treat copyright infringement as a very serious matter,  
and we therefore demand that GITHUB US does the following:  
   
1. Expeditiously remove or disable access to the Viewing Page URLs; and  
2. Permanently cease and desist from hosting; storing; indexing; or providing access to any  
websites that provide links or embedded URLs to the Protected Content, or in any way  
contributing to the infringement of the Rightsholders’ rights in the Protected Content.  
   
Please also promptly provide IBCAP with written confirmation that GITHUB US will comply with  
these demands. We expect that if your customer, listed in WhoIs data as [private], repeatedly infringes the Protected Content that GITHUB US will discontinue providing  
hosting services to your customer.  
   
We are providing this notice based on our good faith belief that the use of the Protected Content in  
the manner described in this notice is not authorized by any of the Rightsholders, any agent of the  
Rightsholders, or the law. The information in this notice is accurate. We swear under penalty of perjury  
that we are authorized to act on behalf of the Rightsholders with respect to the subject matter of this notice.  
   
Nothing in this notice shall serve as a waiver of any rights or remedies of Rightsholders with respect  
to the alleged infringement, all of which are expressly reserved. Please treat my typed name as my  
electronic signature.  
   
Regards,  
[private]  
[private]  
International Broadcaster Coalition Against Piracy, Inc.  
