Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf? If you are submitting this notice on behalf of a company, please be sure to use an email address on the company's domain. If you use a personal email address for a notice submitted on behalf of a company, we may not be able to process it.**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

Yes

**Please provide the Zendesk ticket number of your previously submitted notice. Zendesk ticket numbers are 7 digit ID numbers located in the subject line or body of your confirmation email.**

3863510

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am an [private] for KLA, a public company listed on the NASDAQ under the ticker symbol KLAC. The content includes documents that are marked "KLA Confidential" and are meant to be internal documents.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed.**

Update: My original request was missing a fork that I had not identified. Based on the prior ticket I have reviewed the fork you alerted me to review and found that it does indeed contain KLA confidential information. New requested document to remove is here: https://github.com/wsgan001/Pattern-2D-Shape-Searching-and-Visualization/blob/master/ProblemStatement_StudentCopy.pdf

Our [private] has been alerted that the following documents that are marked “KLA Confidential” and considered internal confidential information are being hosted on your site github.com:

#1 – FireVisibility Operation Manual (below email)  
Site Name: [private]

#2- Problem Statement for Pattern Design and Visualization  
Site Name: [private]

Our team has learned that these were likely uploaded to your site by former employees who no longer work for KLA and are unable to be removed by us. Accordingly, we ask that you remove and delete the above files.

**If the original work referenced above is available online, please provide a URL.**

N/A - Internal confidential documents.

**We ask that a DMCA takedown notice list every specific file in the repository that is infringing, unless the entire contents of the repository are infringing on your copyright. Please clearly state that the entire repository is infringing, OR provide the specific files within the repository you would like removed.**

**Based on the above, I confirm that:**

Specific files within the repository are infringing

**Identify only the specific file URLs within the repository that is infringing:**

https://github.com/wsgan001/Pattern-2D-Shape-Searching-and-Visualization/blob/master/ProblemStatement_StudentCopy.pdf

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**If you are reporting an allegedly infringing fork, please note that each fork is a distinct repository and <i>must be identified separately</i>. Please read more about <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">forks.</a> As forks may often contain different material than in the parent repository, if you believe any of the repositories or files in the forks are infringing, please list each fork URL below:**

https://github.com/wsgan001/Pattern-2D-Shape-Searching-and-Visualization/blob/master/ProblemStatement_StudentCopy.pdf

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

The name of one of the account holders is [private]. We do not know the contact information for the other or any other information for [private].

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full name for your signature.**

[private]
