Dear GitHub DMCA Agent:
 
We are intellectual property counsel for Synopsys, Inc. (“Synopsys”), [private]. We hereby provide notice of copyright
infringement pursuant to the terms of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the “DMCA”) and
your Terms of Service. I have read and understand GitHub’s Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.
Since its establishment in 1986, Synopsys has provided tools and solutions relating to
electronic design automation (hereinafter, “EDA”) for the semiconductor industry and chip
design companies. Synopsys has, after years of efforts, developed a comprehensive portfolio of
EDA, intellectual property, and other software tools and solutions. Synopsys owns copyrights
and other intellectual property rights to its EDA, software, and related materials (collectively, the
“Work”).
 
It has come to our attention that a repository at https://github.com/ibreakoutx/sv-uvm,
referred to in GitHub as “sv-uvm,” is offering proprietary Synopsys code, which we in good faith
believe is an unauthorized reproduction of source code from the Work. Indeed, the file titled
“clog2.sv” lists a former Synopsys employee, [private], as the author, and contains a
copyright notice stating that it is “an unpublished, proprietary work of Synopsys, Inc.” and
cannot be distributed, viewed, copied, disclosed, or used without a written license from
Synopsys. Synopsys has confirmed that the repository contains numerous files that contain
Synopsys’ proprietary content.
 
We have a good faith believe that the use of the Work described in this letter is not
authorized by Synopsys, any agent of Synopsys, or any applicable law. I have taken into
consideration fair use. I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notice is
accurate and that I am authorized to act on behalf of GitHub with respect to the subject matter of
this letter.
 
Given the extent of copied material in the repository titled “sv-uvm,” we request that you
remove and disable access to the repository, pursuant to the DMCA and your Terms of Service.
We also ask that you ensure the user named “ibreakoutx,” who created the infringing repository,
refrains from future use and sharing of the Work and any other Synopsys materials and property.
 
Please contact me no later than one week from the date of this letter to confirm that the
repository has been removed and access disabled. I may be contacted by email at
[private] or by phone at [private]. 
 
Very truly yours,  
[private]  
[private]
