Dear GitHub DMCA Agent,

 

Our firm represents Snap Inc. (“Snap”) in intellectual property matters. Snap is the owner of the copyright in the Snapchat software, application programming interface (“API”) and technology. See, e.g., https://www.snapchat.com/; https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.snapchat.android.

 

Please consider this formal service of a Digital Millennium Copyright Act takedown notice. I have read and understand GitHub’s Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

 

It has come to our attention that the reported URL creates and distributes a patched .apk file that copies Snap’s copyrighted works, namely the Snapchat code.

 

Upon information and belief, the reported URL offers a tool for creating an LSPatch version of Snapchat. Specifically, the tool wraps LSPatch using GitHub actions which allow automation to trigger when a file in the repository is updated, and then automatically downloads a Snapchat .apk file upon which LSPatch is run to create a file with an unauthorized copy of the Snapchat code reproduced within it.

 

The infringement occurs at: https://github.com/ABCPascal/SnapEnhanceModGen

 

We respectfully request removal of the reported URL.

 

I may be contacted via the contact information in the signature block below.

 

The GitHub username associated with the allegedly infringing content is ABCPascal. The user’s contact information is unknown.

 

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

 

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

 

Thank you for your attention to this notice.

 

Sincerely,

/s/ [private]

 

Kilpatrick Townsend & Stockton LLP  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
Kilpatrick Townsend & Stockton LLP  
[private] | [private]  
T [private] | F [private]  
[private] | [private]
