Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

Dear GitHub Legal Team，

I am [private], a member of the [private] of UNISOC Technologies Co.,Ltd (“UNISOC”).

I have read and understood GitHub's "DMCA Notice Submission Guidelines"

I represent UNISOC Technologies Co.,Ltd (“UNISOC”), the exclusive rights holder of certain proprietary source code. 

It has come to our attention that the following GitHub repository has published UNISOC's proprietary source code without authorization: 

Repository URL:

https://github.com/smilerll/SRC_ZW206_ZT217/tree/master

This repository contains files and directories with the explicit copyright notice ( including but not limited to ):

1.     Copyright:      2002 Spreatrum, Incoporated. All Rights Reserved. ( Locate the file L1c_Audio.h in the folder SRC_ZW206_ZT217/BASE/Layer1/export/inc. )

2.     Copyright:      2005 Spreadtrum, Incoporated. All Rights Reserved. (Locate the file L1c_Command.h in the folder SRC_ZW206_ZT217/BASE/Layer1/export/inc. )

3.     Copyright:      Copyright 2001-2010 by Spreadtrum Communications,Inc.  ( Locate the file dl_api.h in the folder SRC_ZW206_ZT217/ BASE/PS/export/inc)

4.     Copyright:      2006 Spreadtrum, Incoporated. All Rights Reserved. ( Locate the file atc_tcp_if.h in the folder SRC_ZW206_ZT217/ DAPS/export/inc )

5.     Copyright:      2009 Spreatrum, Incoporated. All Rights Reserved.  ( Locate the file cafmm.h in the folder SRC_ZW206_ZT217/ CAF/Interface/include)                        
This code is proprietary to UNISOC ( Predecessor: Spreadtrum ) and was never authorized for public disclosure or redistribution. The upload and public availability of this repository infringes our exclusive copyright.

We hereby request that GitHub immediately disable public access to this repository and remove all infringing content pursuant to the DMCA. Due to the proprietary nature of the code, partial removal is insufficient, and the repository must be taken down in full. 

Contact information of the complaining party:

Name: [private]  
Company: UNISOC Technologies Co.,Ltd.  
Email: [private]  
Phone: [private]  
Address: [private]

Statements

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.

I have taken fair use into consideration.
