**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I work in a [private] at rootcloud company. We found that our company’s code is exposed in a public Github repository. We are working to determine who and how they uploaded our code to the public, but would like to flag it and remove it immediately.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Our company runs an industrial Internet company called rootcloud, and has always used rootcloud as the identification name, which is related to many goods and services. Genyun currently operates the industrial Internet field in China, and operates www rootcloud。 Com website. As our company has invested time, energy and resources to promote its root cloud logo and the goods and services it provides, the logo has become our company's exclusive logo and has established a good reputation in the market. URL of root cloud website: www.rootcloud.com

The content of the infringing repository is the internal software code of root cloud, and its content has not been published on the Internet.

You can clearly see the rootcloud logo in 1. Line 508 of the infringement code https://github.com/daxiong001/edu-interface/blob/36c2eb29029057071766c1728bc2a4846ee0a1fa/education/tables/portal_models.py  
, 2. Infringement code https://github.com/daxiong001/edu-interface/blob/36c2eb29029057071766c1728bc2a4846ee0a1fa/education/interface/adddevice.py You can see the netBrand parameter "根云网关" in line 35 of. The translation is the rootcloud gateway

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The whole repository - https://github.com/daxiong001/edu-interface

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

YES.
There are no forks.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

NO

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

email address : [private]   
physical address:[private]   
telephone number:[private]   

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]   
