Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

My name is [private] from a security company called IZOOlogic. IZOOlogic was authorized by Khan Bank to act on their behalf in terms of protecting their brand, trademark and copyright.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The copyrighted work is the private Khan Bank login API which is not authorized to be disclosed publicly or the code to be reproduced on Github's platform.

The copyrighted work can be found implemented internally into Khan Bank's login page: [private]

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

Please takedown the following files or lines from the repository.


https://github.com/EnhboldH/bank_api/blob/main/README.md

Please note we are claiming copyright for the whole README.md file, and we are asking for the removal of this file.

We have checked the readme files, and all the codes in this readme file are Khan Bank's API, as confirmed by our client.

This code is copyrighted code that is crucial to Khan Bank system. The API Code is not authorized to be used by other parties or publicly disclosed without Khan bank’s consent as this exposes Khan Bank’s website code and business process which can be taken advantage by competitors which hampers Khan Bank’s business.

The repository owner's use of the code is infringing and abusive as the code will be used by phishing parties and phishing creation tools to target Khan bank and its customers or used by competitors to develop their own API based on Khan bank's source code.

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Not forks

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

The repository owner has no contact information

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Address: [private]  
[private]  
[private]  
Email: [private]  
Phone [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
