**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

the code in question is largely a part of the project I have been working on for 2 years converting and old framework into new. The copyright is all my own and the project is under my company Aperture Code inc. He was paid in full for all his contributing work.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The developer that has posted a large portion of my code was hired as a temporary developer for a small portion of the project. This is private repo that was hosted on our own git server. They were given the whole access to the master repo to replicate the same development environment. The project is a crm system that works as a Saas product for clients under my company. this developer that publicly posted all of our code was fired a year ago, will full pay, as per our agreement. We even ended our contract on a good note which makes this more surprising to me. He isn’t even supposed to have our code anymore yet he made our whole repo public in his own account. The way I was notified was one of our keys with [private] was in the code that was always private was made public and detected by [private] and then [private]
Notified us. I can easily provide a git log of just his work in comparison to all the code that he posted that wasn’t even his own.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The entire repo needs to be removed. Only .5% of the code in this repo is actually his contribution, that is why there is no git log posted otherwise you would see it’s all me and my other developers work. Here is the url : https://github.com/unbreakablery/skywave-crm-laravel-vue3

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

I have found any forks yet.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

[private]  
[private]

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
