**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

To Whomsoever It May Concern,

Fortinet has been authorized by National Payments Corporation of India [NPCI], to perform services or any part thereof, on a non-exclusive basis to take down the unauthorized content, websites, impersonations, and the like on the Internet.

In doing so we have identified infringing content on GitHub, that has been requested to be taken down by our client. The repository contains Source code,credentials related to NPCI and its product (BBPS) which is not authorized to do so.

The infringing content can be located on the following page of which the URL is provided below:

 https://github.com/amigujarathi/bbps/tree/d953bec525889492deaab46c0876c4d5274989cc

The original content that belongs to our client (i.e., National Payments Corporation of India [NPCI])

The request for the takedown has been authorized and initiated by our client (i.e., National Payments Corporation of India [NPCI]).

We at Fortinet have been committed to providing our services to our clients in a lawful manner and adhering to the requirements that have also been set under the DMCA notice clause. We also adhere to and acknowledge the following two statements and have been compliant to:

 We, Fortinet, in good faith, believe that the material is not authorized by the copyright owner.  
 We, Fortinet confirm that the information provided by us is accurate, under the penalty of perjury, we are authorized to act on behalf of our client (i.e., National Payments Corporation of India [NPCI]) who are the owners of the application.

We would request the respective authorities take notice of this and commence the procedure for a take-down based upon this notice. We would like to also request the company to aid us in a follow-up for the same in order to keep adequate evidence of this incident.
Please respond with urgency as this is a matter of utmost importance.

Regards,
FortiRecon [private]

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

https://www.npci.org.in/what-we-do/bharat-billpay/product-overview

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/amigujarathi/bbps/tree/d953bec525889492deaab46c0876c4d5274989cc  
https://github.com/amigujarathi/bbps/

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes. No forks.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
