While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

The copyright work that Ambient AI believes has been infringed is the entire repo which is a direct copy of our proprietary web front end code base from August 2nd, 2021. This is copyrighted proprietary code base (and not an open source repository)

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Entire code repository and all its contents located at https://github.com/daisukesohma/Ambient-React infringes on our copyright. This is proprietary web front end code from August 2nd, 2021 that should not be made public. This is based on the fact that the code in the repository in question is exactly the same as our proprietary code from August 2nd, 2021.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/daisukesohma/Ambient-React

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

We have Authentication and authorization on our repositories enabled with MFA.

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

We are unsure how this person go these are private repositories. No one outside of Ambient AI has access.

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

There are no forks

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Other Change

**Describe the change.**

1. Immediately remove all public and private copies of our proprietary web frontend code.  
2. Identify and collect all known copies of the code base including those shared to other people.  
3. Reach out to Ambient.ai team to discuss transferring of code bases to the rightful owners.  
4. Inform Ambient AI on how they got copies of this code and from whom.  

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

We have found the following information on their personal webpage but are unsure if this a real person at this time. Ambient AI has never employed this person.

[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
