Hello

We areBeijing Yidun Internet Technology Co., Ltd. a security service provider for China International Capital Corporation Limited (CICC).Entrusted by CICC to communicate about the infringement of code published by someone on the GitHub platform. The content in the following link published on GitHub involves the internal code of CICC, which has constituted an infringement of the legitimate rights and interests of CICC and brought security risks to CICC and its users, please delete the code content as soon as possible, please check the authorization letter in the link, thank you!

Official CICC website：  
https://www.cicc.com

Links to infringing content:   
https://github.com/kongxiaojian123/cicc2019

Screenshots marked with infringing content:  
1、The content of this project "2018 CICC Investment Bank" Also refers to the name of CICC. We have the right to reasonably believe that the content published in this project is infringing and is an infringement



2、In the published project, the introduction is marked as "CICC". CICC has never authorized anyone to publish any information on the github platform, which is a violation of privacy rights.



3、The name of the project "cicc2019" CICC is the abbreviation of China International Capital Corporation Limited. Therefore, we have the right to suspect that this project is related to CICC, and due to potential security risks, this behavior is to leak data



I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.

I have taken fair use into consideration.

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice

my contact information：[private]

legal signature：[private]、[private]


A power of attorney granted to us by CICC：

[private]

Our business license:
   
[private]
