**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Hi Team,

Repo URL: https://github.com/NiravDavra001/Medoplus-Repo  
Above entire repo has been developed by us with the help of some 3rd party code such as [private] apis etc for which we have purchased with licenses needed. Whole code has been written by of one of our previous employee of the company. This employee has moved to some other company where He has got in dispute with his employer. In that dispute, Code which was available on his machine (which was written by us) has been published on GitHub without our permission.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Original work is already available with us on our setf hosted [private] at URL [private] which can be access only thorough company network. This application is already live on the App store, Link for the same as follows

Link of app: https://apps.apple.com/in/app/doctors-diagnostics/id1586775867

Even above code has same API Keys such as [private] APIs which is owned by us

details of the same as follows: [private] = "[private]"

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

Whole repo should be taken down,

Repo URL: https://github.com/NiravDavra001/Medoplus-Repo

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

No forks yet

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No, I only has the ULR

https://github.com/NiravDavra001/

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Email: [private]  
Phone:  [private]  
Address: # [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
