To Whom It May Concern:

I, the undersigned, state under penalty of perjury that:

SCEA has recently learned that the content at the above referenced URLs (hereinafter, “Listed URLs”) is hosted by GitHub, and the links distribute material that violates copyright laws, and/or contributes to and induces copyright infringement.

I have a good faith basis that the web content at the Listed URLs is an infringement of SCEA’s rights under copyright law, including but not limited to the DMCA, and that the infringing content is authorized by neither SCEA, its agent, nor the law.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

In addition to the violations discussed above, the material at this URL violates trade secret laws, and therefore constitutes a violation of Section 8(A) of Github's Terms of Service which prohibits individuals from using Github "for any illegal or unauthorized purpose."

SCEA requests that GitHub Inc. immediately take down the content located at <https://github.com/jimmikaelkael/ps3mca-tool.git> and <https://github.com/jimmikaelkael/ps3mca-tool/blob/master/src/mecha_emu.c> as well as any linking or related URLs, and promptly disclose to SCEA the identities and contact information corresponding to the account owners and/or users of your hosting services who posted the content identified herein.

Finally, the information in this notice is accurate.  If you have any questions, please contact me at the above email address or phone number listed below.

Sincerely,<br>
[private]<br>
Sr. Paralegal<br>
____________________________________________________________<br>
Sony Computer Entertainment America, LLC<br>
Legal & Business Affairs<br>
[private]<br>
Foster City, CA  94404-2175
