Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to make changes
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Our client has been conducting interviews to hire developers for their company and part of the hiring process is for developers to create a sample app/web development test and to submit the code for review using Github, the test repository was created internally for the purpose of the hiring team.

Part of their hiring process is the creation of this Github URL. They are requesting to have this URL remove since the program has already concluded.

This repository has been made public by the interns who are not part of the Niyo organization and hence needs your support to remove this.

We are requesting for the removal of the entire repository that there are information and contents that can be copied and might be used by the candidate for other purposes.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/prathej/Goal-Wise  
https://github.com/prathej/Goal-Wise/blob/6b6d6e21b9c832eac8d14891becacd1d9e6062a0/app/build.gradle

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

None

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Requesting your assistance to delete this URL

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

N/A

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
Level 30, The Leadenhall Building  
122 Leadenhall Street, EC3V 4AB  
City of London, UNITED KINGDOM  
[private]@izoologic.com

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
