**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I'm an employee at RightsHero company that is authorized by several copyrights holders.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Several exclusive series of Shahid vip https://shahid.mbc.net that is owned by MBC Group are copyright infringement in 3 repositories of 2 users here in GitHub that hosts thousands of piracy links to these episodes and movies and are linked with an android app.  
I already took down an old repository from this user and I wish to take down this new repository in GitHub ASAP.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

Here is the repository:  
https://github.com/fuorejufiguejr/lkvjffr

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

no.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

no.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

no.
Immediate removal is required as this is also spamming.  
I also request to disable this account as it keeps starting similar new repositories after removal.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

These are Shahid Vip email and number:  
+[private]  
[private]  
And Here is my email:  
[private]  

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
