**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

we are a development team, and one of our warehouses ([private]) is a project for our customers, which is our very important code.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Our repository is：[private] 。This is the result of our team's hard work.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**
 
The repository repository should be taken down:  
https://github.com/juvu/Owl-ERP  
https://github.com/zhongw/Owl-ERP

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, I have carefully checked these two fork:https://github.com/juvu/Owl-ERP;  
https://github.com/zhongw/Owl-ERP

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No，It is not under an open source license. We have written copyright in the myaddons directory, which is the client we are going to deliver, and it belongs to a private agreement.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

We have made our project private, and we will continue to use github. After the copied fork is deleted, no one else will fork it.thanks github.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

I didn't reach them because I couldn't find their effective contact information.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

+[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
