**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Hi Team,

We have been legally authorized to represent our client OLA, through a power of attorney executed by our client.  
Under the instructions from and on behalf of our client OLA, we hereby request you to take down the GitHub repo reported

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Cloning the UI code of OLA application - https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.olacabs.customer&hl=en_SG&gl=US and publishing the code for public - [private] view.  
You can also check the README.md and Android folder in the repo for more clarification.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/imutkarsh09/ola-app-clone

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

The reported repository URL contains the entire UI code of the OLA app. The fork also leads to the entire repository.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

The original UI code came from OLA application; as such they are licensed by copyright rights.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Delete the entire repository for infringement of source material.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

We believe the email ID of the repo owner is - [private].

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Contact :- [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
