Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to make changes
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am [private] from Zeltux, that deals with any security issue that has been brought to our (Security team and the Director team) attention, and hold the right to investigate and request take downs of any of our material (in this case, the discord bot which is copyright protected), which has been pirated/being sold/given out by any individual for personal or monetary gain. The email address of [private] is; [private] and is the copyright holder which I have the right to take request this DMCA takedown request.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The content which has been copyrighted is the following; https://www.mc-market.org/resources/12800/  
This content also retains a website in which you can find details of our terms of service and any and all legal terms and rights that we (Zeltux) hold, in order to protect our content. https://zeltux.net/  
As seen, the above user has illegally distributed our content, without our prior knowledge or agreement, files of this can be seen below.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/Lactose1447/Zeltux_v1.1

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

As of now, we are currently running an investigation into identifying any and all forks of this repository and will be including these repositories in a DMCA takedown notice served to you (GitHub), and any findings will be dealt with accordingly. Any fork found will be put into a separate DMCA takedown request.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No, Zeltux isn't licensed under any open source license. A copy of our legal terms can be found here; https://zeltux.net/legal.html

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The said repository holder must show proof of being the owner of the product which can be brought from McMarket, in which case, if they can prove this, then they are able to make the repository private without allowing anyone but themselves, access to the repository. In the event of proof cannot be provided, the repository holder must remove all copyrighted content as provided above.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

I have not been able to find any of the contacts information as nothing has been provided on the users GitHub, or on any external website.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
