Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to make changes
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I wrote this code and the repository from which the code was lifted was on my GitHub account.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The original code is located here: [private] (private repository). The infringed content is a mirror of code from this repository as it appeared c. 5–6 years ago, when it was public. The infringed code uses my previous username and exists so that anyone who visits the URL that my website previously used will result in a valid page.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The infringing repository is located here: https://github.com/poyoarya/poyoarya.github.io

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

The only fork I could locate is the following: https://github.com/TrevelinT/Poyoarya.github.io

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

The code is currently under the MIT License but at the time had no license (i.e. all rights reserved).

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The best option would be to grant me ([private]) access to the "poyoarya" organization and "poyoarya.github.io" such that I may change the code to redirect to my current website rather than rehost an old version thereof, or—barring that—the organization and repository should be removed entirely. The fork should be removed or made private.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

The user who ostensibly owns the organization and repository is [private].  
Website: [private]  
Twitter: [private]  
GitHub: [private]

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
