**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Bigniu project was originally a private project for customers, but when I put on the code, I didn't notice that the project library was open. When I noticed, I immediately set it as private. However, xiaowen1993, the user, fork advantage of the public ownership of the project and left the code. Recently, my client found a private bigniu project on github. Now the customer is ready to sue me for violating information security and make compensation. Now please officially delete the link I provided, thank you!

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Bigniu project is a project used to provide customers with logistics information. It includes order, waybill, arrival inventory, monitoring, platform transport vehicles, partner system and other functions. It is a car-free carrier platform responsible for helping logistics companies manage their interior.It can not only help customers know the logistics news in real time, but also send out the notice to avoid risks to users, and can help customers borrow money in the form of capital flow. It is a highly practical and private platform

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/xiaowen1993/bigniu

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

I have searched the fork provided by the link. The fork has no branches, only a separate master, which keeps the same appearance as when it was fork from me.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

This work has no open source license, it is a private project, and its service object is a logistics company that has already paid money. The linked file should not have been left by fork. This is an item that needs to be bought with money.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The best solution is to delete the provided link, because it is a private paid item. Users found identical source codes in github, and they are ready to sue our team for information security. So we don't want our source code to appear on github again. the best solution is to delete the fork

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

Sorry, I don't have his contact information, only the link path I found

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
