Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to make changes
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Dear GitHub:

I, the undersigned, CERTIFY UNDER PENALTY OF PERJURY that the information in this notification is accurate and I am an agent authorized to act on behalf of the owner of certain intellectual property rights, said owner being named Pearson Education, Inc. ("IP Owner"). I have a good faith belief that the material(s) identified below is not authorized by the above IP Owner, its agent, or the law and therefore infringe the IP Owner's rights according to state, federal, or United States law.
PLEASE ACT EXPEDITIOUSLY TO REMOVE OR DISABLE ACCESS TO THE LISTINGS IDENTIFIED IN THIS REPORT.

My contact information is as follows:

[private], [private]  
Pearson Education Inc  
221 River St  
Hoboken, NJ 07030  
[private]  
Sincerely,  
[private]

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

https://www.pearson.com/us/higher-education/program/Stallings-Cryptography-and-Network-Security-Principles-and-Practice-7th-Edition/PGM334401.html

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/jojowei-cooler/PYTHON-WEI/tree/master/internet_background/Information%20Security

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

https://github.com/jojowei-cooler/PYTHON-WEI/tree/master/internet_background/Information%20Security

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

No. Complete removal.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private], [private]  
Pearson Education Inc  
221 River St  
Hoboken, NJ 07030  
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
