**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

This firm, Wildwood Law Group, represents Nintendo of America Inc. in intellectual property matters.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The copyrighted work is Nintendo's new Pikmin App, which is part of its Pikmin video game franchise. The audio-visual works, software, characters, and imagery from Nintendo's Pikmin franchise are covered by at least the following U.S. Copyright Reg. Nos.: PA0001062173 (Pikmin); PA0001264834, supp. by PA0001286704 (Pikmin 2); and PA0001866532 (Pikmin 3). Nintendo's new Pikmin App has is currently in a limited beta release in only a few territories and there is no URL to where it is posted online.   
The reported repository contains unauthorized copies of copyright-protected assets from Nintendo's Pikmin App in clear violation of Nintendo's rights. The README document for this repository states that is is "A repository of some assets from PikminApp such as sprites, textures, meshes, sounds, and more" and further states "All assets are property of Ninatic and Nintendo." The unauthorized copying, display, and distribution of these assets via GitHub infringes Nintendo's rights and will cause significant harm to Nintendo.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

Please immediately remove or disable public access to the entire repository at https://github.com/shikawideweb/pikminapp-assets.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

No, we have not searched for forks.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No, the copyrighted work is not licensed under an open source license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Please immediately remove the reported repository.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
3519 NE 15th Avenue, #362  
Portland, Oregon 97212

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
