While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

My name is [private]. I am the [private] of Trulet Pty Ltd and am acting with full authorisation by the company to resolve this matter

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

A former contractor software developer has uploaded a copy of Trulet's codebase without permission to a public Github repository https://github.com/TsvirenkoSweet/tr

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The entire repository is an anuthorized copy of Trulet's proprietary codebase and must be taken down

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

Trulet's proprietary codebase is managed in a private [private] repository. Access is granted to employees and contractors as required. Under the terms and conditions of their employment, they are required to destroy any copies of the code stored on their personal devices. This policy was not followed by the owner of https://github.com/TsvirenkoSweet/tr repository

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

The accused project is the result of a former contractor breaching his contract and exposing proprietary information

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes. I have searched. No forks of this codebase have been found

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

The company which employed this contractor no longer exists. We do not have his personal contact details. A message has been sent on [private], but no reply was received so far

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
Mobile phone [private]  
Address - [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
