**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

1. In 2016, I created the WRMS project and uploaded it to github platform. I own the initial copyright of the project.  
2. In 2016, I transferred the copyright of the project to a third party and deleted the WRMS project on my github account ([private]).  
3. The user (yiyi99) forked the project before I deleted it, and now the third-party organization as the owner, has asked me to help yiyi99 to delete the repository data of the public project (WRMS https://github.com/yiyi99/WRMS ) on github platform.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

1. The original copyright project WRMS was independently created by me in 2016. The project mainly used C# to manage data file desktop program of hydraulic engineering, and uploaded all information of the project on github on September 27, 2016.  
2. In 2017, since I authorized the project to a third party, I deleted the repository on github.(address invalid [private])

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/yiyi99/WRMS

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

My project was forked only once before I deleted the repository, which is forked by user (user：yiyi99 address：https://github.com/yiyi99/WRMS)

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

github user name：yiyi99  
email address：[private] (already sent several emails)

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Name: [private]  
Telephone number: [private]  
Email address：[private]  
Physical address：[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
