Hello,

My name is [private] and I am the authorized representative on behalf of our client PayU [private]. A website that your company hosts (according to WHOIS information) are infringing the copyrights of our client PayU [private].
 
The unauthorized and infringing contents can be found on below URLs which are using our client PayU India copyrighted materials including the name, logo and official documents.

Infringing URLs:  
https://github.com/sowjanya1025/payubiz_php7/blob/fc3d45995b5065c2fa2a0e4de68bd5a5a5d5c180/index.php  
https://github.com/sowjanya1025/payubiz_php7/blob/fc3d45995b5065c2fa2a0e4de68bd5a5a5d5c180/index.php 

The Authorized Content can be visited at:   
https://github.com/payu-india/payubiz_php7/blob/master/payubiz_php7.zip

This e-mail is an official notification under Section 512(c) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (”DMCA”), and I seek the removal of the aforementioned infringing material from your servers. I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice and request that you immediately notify the infringer of this notice and inform them of their duty to remove the infringing material immediately and notify them to cease any further posting of infringing material to your server in the future.

Please also be advised that law requires you, as a service provider, to remove or disable access to the infringing materials upon receiving this notice. Under US law a service provider, such as yourself, enjoys immunity from a copyright lawsuit provided that you act with deliberate speed to investigate and rectify ongoing copyright infringement. If service providers do not investigate and remove or disable the infringing material this immunity is lost. Therefore, in order for you to remain immune from a copyright infringement action, you will need to investigate and ultimately remove or otherwise disable the infringing material from your servers with all due speed should the direct infringer, your client, not comply immediately.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Should you wish to discuss this with me please contact me directly.

Best Regards,

[private]  
[private]  
M: [private]  O: [private]  
