While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

Yes. I have successfully taken down the original repository, and am now trying to take down the forks.

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

[private] own the copyright to the Unikorn keyboard cad models and it is registered under the [private] where [private] am based. 

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Please refer to Exhibit Unikorn in the attached filling document. I have included the sanitized version to remove sensitive information like national ids from the document. If you need the unsanitized version, please ask. 

[private]

Included here are drawings of [private] original work. 

[private]

I've also successfully taken down their other versions and their forks which are infringing [private] other design. 


**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The following repositories should be taken down



The above repositories are forks of the original repository that I have DMCA-ed against and successfully taken down.

https://github.com/nvd-dev/gummy-60-hidden-jst

Photo provided in the repository showing the clone.

[private]


**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**



**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

They altered some minor parts of the design but essentially everything else is the same. They also said that they based it off the the registered design

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, the following forks should be removed as well

https://github.com/rudwnw/gummy-60-hidden-jst

https://github.com/Twooooot/gummy-60-hidden-jst

https://github.com/johnsabilla/glizzy-60-hidden-jst

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**


I am unsure

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No I do not have any information about the infringer, they have been very careful about posting identifying information online. 

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

NDP VENTURES SDN BHD  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  



Best Regards,  
[private]  
[private]  
NDP VENTURES SDN BHD ([private])
