While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
  
Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.  
  
**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**  
  
No  
  
**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**  
  
GitHub  
  
**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**  
  
1. I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.  
2. AT&T source code for the company application, the repositories must be deleted completely. Uploading AT&T intellectual property to Github is a violation of ASPR security policy.  

3.https://github.com/seleemtech/LiferayModules  
https://github.com/seleemtech/Liferay7.4  

4. We have ID'd owners email, who is not an employee. I have emailed to delete both repositories must be deleted completely.  
5. [private] is Github owner  
6. [private]is Github owner  
7. I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.  
8. I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  
9. [private]  
[private]  
  
**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
  
[private] of the [private] in the AT&T [private]. One of our automated processes has identified what we believe to be AT&T source code for the HROneStop application, hosted publicly on Github. The following repositories contain the code:  
  
https://github.com/seleemtech/LiferayModules  
https://github.com/seleemtech/Liferay7.4  
  
We were not able to identify the person who uploaded this code, but it is likely that they are one of the [private] of HROneStop. Can you please reach out ASAP to the [private] team, identify the responsible party, and have them delete these repositories? (Note: removing the offending lines or files is not sufficient, since Github will keep the older revisions - the repositories must be deleted completely).  
  
If your review with the [private] uncovers any password, API keys, or other sensitive authentication materials, they need to be reset because they have been made public.  
  
We also strongly recommend having a discussion with this [private] to remind them that uploading AT&T intellectual property to Github is a violation of ASPR security policy.  
  
**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**  
  
https://github.com/seleemtech/LiferayModules   
https://github.com/seleemtech/Liferay7.4  
  
**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**  
  
Yes  
  
**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**  
  
AT&T intellectual property  
  
**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**  
  
AT&T intellectual property  
  
**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
  
https://github.com/seleemtech/LiferayModules  
https://github.com/seleemtech/Liferay7.4  
  
**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**  
  
No  
  
**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**  
  
Reported content must be removed  
  
**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**  
  
[private] [private]  
  
**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**  
  
**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**  
  
**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**  
  
**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**  
  
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**  
  
[private] [private] [private]
  
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**  
  
[private]
