Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

1. Copyright Owner and Agent Information  
Name: [private]  
Job Title: [private]   
Company: Equifax [private]  
Email: [private]  
Mailing Address: [private]

3. Identification of the Copyrighted Work  
The original work is a proprietary software library owned by Equifax, consisting of source code structures, function definitions, and data processing algorithms for an internal Credit Report Management system. This non-public work is protected by copyright and includes proprietary logic for constructing API requests to our internal servers.

4. Identification of the Infringing Material
Infringing Repository URL: https://github.com/manis-h/CRM-Backend 

Specific Files to be Removed/Disabled:

File: utils/fetchCibil.js

- URL: https://github.com/manis-h/CRM-Backend/blob/main/utils/fetchCibil.js .  
- Infringing Content: Lines 7-115 (Entire fetchCibil function definition).  
- Description: Contains Equifax’s proprietary API integration logic, including the RequestHeader JSON object (Lines 6-16) contain the password and internal routing to our  environment.

File: utils/cibilPdf.js

- URL: https://github.com/manis-h/CRM-Backend/blob/main/utils/cibilPdf.js   
- Infringing Content: Lines 10-133 (Entire cibilPdf function, SOAP envelope construction & Internal API's of the Equifax Products ).
- Description: Unauthorized reproduction of Equifax's internal XML/SOAP request structure contains the password  and exact XML tag hierarchy.

4. Offer of Proof  
We can provide internal source code comparisons to demonstrate that the logic in these files matches our private repositories exactly.

5. Statement of Good Faith  
I have a good faith belief that the use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.

6. Statement of Accuracy  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate, and that I am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

7. Signature  
[private]  
