Dear Sir/Madam,

Sub: Take down of content illegally hosted/uploaded on your website

We act on behalf of our Clients, Jiostar India Private Limited, having their registered office at [private]. We are under instructions to address you as under: 

Our Client, Jiostar India Private Limited. is amongst India's most diverse media companies. It owns and operates various entertainment channels, including the popular channels Star Plus, Star Jalsha, Channel V, Life OK, Colors Marathi, Colors, Colors Gujarathi, MTV, Nickelodeon India, Colors Bangla, Voot Exclusive, Colors Tamil, Colors Kannada etc. (hereinafter "Jiostar Channels"), which are statutorily licensed by the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting. Consequently, the exclusive right to broadcast, re-broadcast, transmit and communicate to the public the Jiostar Channels and the content broadcast therein vests in Our Client.

It is also brought to your notice that Our Client, Jiostar, has exclusive rights to broadcast, telecast and/or communicate to the public, content aired on Jiostar Channels on the digital platform, "Jio Hotstar". No other entity can, without authorization from Our Clients, upload, stream, make available for download, broadcast and/or communicate to the public, content that is aired on the Jiostar Channels, in any manner whatsoever (live, delayed, repeat, etc.) through any transmission platform including the internet for viewing on various devices such as computers, laptops, mobile phones, tablet computers, etc.

Jiostar is the exclusive owner of the copyright in the work 12th Fail(Movies) and Hotstar Movies. In addition to the above, Jiostar India Private Limited. is the exclusive owner of several trademarks connected with 12th Fail(Movies) and Hotstar Movies.

We have come across the following content in relation to 12th Fail(Movies) and Hotstar Movies being illegally made available on your website:

https://github.com/Roshan-Amjad/teraboxmodapk/raw/refs/heads/main/Pikashow_(pikashowapks.com.in).apk

Proof evincing that the content being infringed is owned by Jiostar India Private Limited. is available at the following links:

https://www.hotstar.com/in/movies/12th-fail/1260161273

Accordingly, this notice is an official notification as required under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") and the Information Technology (Intermediary Guidelines) Rules 2011 framed under the Information Technology Act, 2000 regarding the infringement and violation of the copyright of Jiostar India Private Limited. (Rights Holder) is protected under the Indian Copyright Act, 1957, through the intermediary's portal. The unauthorized distribution of the Rights Holder's content may also amount to a violation of the Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act (OCILLA), which is a part of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, 1998.

You are hereby put to strict notice that hosting of the said content identified herein above is a violation of the Rights Holder's exclusive proprietary rights and copyright.

In lieu of the above, we hereby demand that you within 48 hours from receipt of this notice cease such unlawful activity of illegally uploading content and desist from indulging in any further infringement of the Rights Holder's rights in the content, which is exclusively owned and protected by our clients. Without limitation and prejudice to the above, we hereby call upon you to within 48 hours from receipt of the notice cease & desist from using your website to directly and/or indirectly cause, contribute to, enable, facilitate, aid, abet, induce, encourage and/or participate in the infringement of the Rights Holder's copyright protected works, including but not limited to the content/intellectual property rights identified herein above.

We further inform you that a copy of this notification is being sent to your hosting service provider. You are mandated under the law to remove or disable access to the infringing materials upon receiving this notice. Should we not receive a reply from you within 48 hours from receipt of this notice, Our Clients will have no alternative but to take such further action as deemed necessary to protect their interests and rights. For the avoidance of doubt, all rights of Our Clients including the right to claim costs and damages are hereby reserved.

We believe that the information in this notice is sufficient for you to locate and take down the infringing activities complained of herein. We are providing this notice in good faith and with reasonable belief that the use of the content owned by the Rights Holder in the manner as highlighted herein above through your website and has not been authorized by the Rights Holder, their agents and/or under the law.

Under penalty of perjury, we, MarkScan, are the authorized Online Antipiracy Solution Providers to write to you on behalf of Jiostar. This notification is sent to you is accurate and without prejudice to the rights and remedies of Rights Holders, all of which are expressly reserved. Our complete details are available at the signature below.

DIGITAL SIGNATURE FOR COPYRIGHT CLAIM

Authorized online digital content production representative for Jiostar

[private]

Markscan

[private]

[private]

Web.: https://markscan.co.in/

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OWNERS:

Jiostar India Private Limited

[private]

[private]

[private]
