Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

Dear GitHub Legal Team，

 

I am [private], a member of the [private] department of UNISOC Technologies Co.,Ltd (“UNISOC”).

I have read and understood GitHub's "DMCA Notice Submission Guidelines".

I represent UNISOC Technologies Co.,Ltd (“UNISOC”), the exclusive rights holder of certain proprietary source code.

 

It has come to our attention that files from the specific GitHub repositories have been released without authorization, containing UNISOC's proprietary source code:

 

Repository URL: 

https://github.com/likidu/ZW217_W19_V4.1_yisai/tree/master

The Repository is a SDK from UNISOC. This code repository contains a large amount of code copyrighted by UNISOC( Predecessor: Spreadtrum/RDA ) and the file "Universe Mobile Phone User guide.doc" also indicates that this repository is Unisoc's SDK.

 

The code is proprietary to UNISOC( Predecessor: Spreadtrum /RDA ) and was never authorized for public disclosure or redistribution. Uploading the Repository to GitHub and making it publicly available infringes our exclusive copyright.

 

We hereby request that GitHub immediately remove all infringing content pursuant to the DMCA and disable public access the repository.

 

Contact information of the complaining party:

Name: [private]

Company: UNISOC Technologies Co.,Ltd.

Email: [private]

Phone: [private]

Address: [private]

 

Statements

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.

I have taken fair use into consideration.



 

 

 

Best regards,

[private]

[private]

Unisoc [private] Department

[private] Department, UNISOC
