Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf? If you are submitting this notice on behalf of a company, please be sure to use an email address on the company's domain. If you use a personal email address for a notice submitted on behalf of a company, we may not be able to process it.**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

[private] created a modification to [private] ([private]) under GPL-3.0 license with the permission of the owner called SSTImap (https://github.com/vladko312/SSTImap). [private] [private] the [private] of the changes.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed.**

SSTImap (https://github.com/vladko312/SSTImap) is a penetration testing tool based on [private] ([private]). It is distributed under GPL-3.0 license.

**If the original work referenced above is available online, please provide a URL.**

https://github.com/vladko312/SSTImap

**We ask that a DMCA takedown notice list every specific file in the repository that is infringing, unless the entire contents of the repository are infringing on your copyright. Please clearly state that the entire repository is infringing, OR provide the specific files within the repository you would like removed.**

**Based on the above, I confirm that:**

The entire repository is infringing

**Identify the full repository URL that is infringing:**

https://github.com/undefined-name12/SSTI-map-exploitation

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**If you are reporting an allegedly infringing fork, please note that each fork is a distinct repository and <i>must be identified separately</i>. Please read more about <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">forks.</a> As forks may often contain different material than in the parent repository, if you believe any of the repositories or files in the forks are infringing, please list each fork URL below:**

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

Yes

**Which license?**

gnu-general-public-license-v3.0

**How do you believe the license is being violated?**

GNU General Public License v3.0 requires crediting original author and prohibits authorship claims.  
GNU General Public License v3.0 prohibits changing the license to an incompatible one.

This is a repository reupload, that tries to claim authorship of the project and change the license to an incompatible one. This is not allowed by GPL-3.0 license.  
From reviewing other repositories on the account, it is clear that authorship claims are intentional and no further modifications are done.
For example, this commit clearly replaced [private] nickname:  
https://github.com/undefined-name12/SSTI-map-exploitation/commit/53af512fe84114e21a3752f61ff582bf5045696c

**What changes can be made to bring the project into compliance with the license? For example, adding attribution, adding a license, making the repository private.**

Reverting changes aimed at claiming authorship, as well as preserving authorship in the future.  
Restoring GNU General Public License v3.0 license.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

I was unable to find contact information that i could confirm as his. There is a [private] link on his website, but it leads to an unrelated server. There are nicknames used to replace [private] and other social links in repositories, but I was unable to confirm those accounts to belong to him.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full name for your signature.**

[private]
