Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

Pursuant to 17 USC 512(c)(3), this communication serves as a statement that: 

I am a duly authorized representative of the exclusive rights holder for the following Synopsys, Inc.  materials:
“    Chronologic VCS (TM)  -  Version X-2025.06-SP1_Full64 -- Sat Jan 31 11:22:59 2026

                    Copyright (c) 1991 - 2025 Synopsys, Inc.

   This software and the associated documentation are proprietary to Synopsys,

Inc. This software may only be used in accordance with the terms and conditions

of a written license agreement with Synopsys, Inc. All other use, reproduction,

   or distribution of this software is strictly prohibited.  Licensed Products

     communicate with Synopsys servers for the purpose of providing software

    updates, detecting software piracy and verifying that customers are using

    Licensed Products in conformity with the applicable License Key for such

  Licensed Products. Synopsys will use information gathered in connection with

    this process to deliver software updates and pursue software pirates and

                                   infringers.

Inclusivity & Diversity - Visit SolvNetPlus to read the "Synopsys Statement on

            Inclusivity and Diversity" (Refer to article [private] at

                        [private])                            “


These exclusive rights are being violated by material available upon your site at the following URL(s):  
https://github.com/DeeprajKamble07/Verification-of-Memory-using-UVM/blob/f10445babd11cb554a12bf7accfd7013f0b0b1fe/RESULT


I have a good faith belief that the use of this material in such a fashion is not authorized by the copyright holder, the copyright holder's agent, or the law;  
Under penalty of perjury in a United States court of law, I state that the information contained in this notification is accurate, and that I am authorized to act on the behalf of the exclusive rights holder for the material in question;  
I may be contacted by the following methods:  

Address: [private], Synopsys, Inc., [private]

Email: [private]

I hereby request that you remove or disable access to this material as it appears on your service in as expedient a fashion as possible. Thank you.

Regards,  
[private]  
[private], [private] 

Synopsys, Inc.
[private]  
[private]  

[private]
