Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

Dear GitHub team,

We act on behalf of our client, CSAA Insurance, found at https://csaa-insurance.aaa.com/. It has come to our attention that a profile registered on your company's website may be infringing on one of CSAA Insurance copyrights. We request your cooperation to have the infringing content removed.

The infringing material is found at:  
https://github.com/dkhizhniak/dotfiles

The infringer has copied and disclosed a repository owned by CSAA Insurance without our client's authorization, creating confusion for CSAA Insurance customers and therefore harm to the business of our client. Our client is not related to nor does it have any affiliation to the infringer and the infringing content was published on your servers without CSAA Insurance permission.

We are sending this notice under a good faith belief that use of the materials, described above as allegedly infringing, is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law. We certify, under the penalty of perjury, that the information in this notice is correct. We have the authority to act on behalf of the person who owns the copyright in question.

THE REPOSITORY BELONGS TO CSAA INSURANCE AND WAS DISCLOSED WITHOUT CSAA INSURANCE AUTHORIZATION.

I have taken fair use into consideration.

You may use the following contact information for any further correspondence:

[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
