While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

Yes

**Please provide the Zendesk ticket number of your previously submitted notice. Zendesk ticket numbers are 7 digit ID numbers located in the subject line or body of your confirmation email.**

2051725

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Re-Logic is the creator, developer, and publisher of the hit video game, Terraria. We hold all copyrights and trademarks to Terraria.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Terraria is a 2D sandbox adventure video game developed and published by Re-Logic, Inc.

https://store.steampowered.com/app/105600/Terraria/

The infringing link contains a decompiled version of the game's source code - which is a direct infringement on our copyrights for the game.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/MoonInSpace/TerrariaDump

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

We have a professional [private] account with permission only access to our private repo and only the company's owner who owns the IP has permissions to add people

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

It shares a decompilation of the source code for Terraria and enables creating a build of our product being sold on the Steam store

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Not as of this time - but given the importance of this (it being a dump of our source code), we wanted to act immediately

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

We do not

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
