While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Esri claims copyright ownership in and to the ArcGIS for AutoCAD project files. I am the company's legal representative, and I am authorized to make this DMCA take-down notice on behalf of my client/company.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

All project files related to the ArcGIS for AutoCAD software. It was never intended to be posted on GitHub as OSS.
https://github.com/VB6Hobbyst7/ArcGIS-for-AutoCAD-Csharp/network/members [github.com] [github.com]

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/VB6Hobbyst7/ArcGIS-for-AutoCAD-Csharp/network/members [github.com] [github.com]

This is a forked repository from Esri's original DMCA take-down notice.

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints [docs.github.com] about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

This project was built with C#/dotnet and the source code was obfuscated. The infringers decompiled the C#/dotnet obfuscation and posted up the actual source code files to this project.

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

This project is under development and was not released to the public. The infringers circumvented the C#/dotnet obfuscation technological measures employed by Esri and then released the source code files via the GitHub repo.

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have [docs.github.com] you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

GitHub Trust and Security team pointed out to Esri, and Esri has confirmed, that this forked repository contains infringing Esri code libraries.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair  use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide  to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Esri  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
