**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am the [private] of Coolbits, LLC, a California company. For the past two years, I invented the rallycourt scheduling app and designed it and hired [private] to build it. They built the player and court host and backend and everything and are still finishing it. It was lacking the instructor module which Coolbits, LLC had entered an agreement with [private] to build the instructor module based on the player module. The written agreement was contingent on him completing and he would only get paid if and when the app monetized or received funding. We discussed these terms many times. He signed a Non-Disclosure agreement with Coolbits, LLC as well. I gave him access to the codes and figma design and aws. He got it running on his local host, but never produced

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

All of the source code and figma designs, apis, everything in the mobile application.  
https://github.com/antinfi/tennis_app  
https://github.com/antinfi/tennis_server

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/antinfi/tennis_server  
https://github.com/antinfi/tennis_server  
And please remove any other attempts to publish or deny [private] the ability to publish.

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

No.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
[private]  
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
