While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA notice. I am the [private] of Sardine Ai Corp, and I was made aware that the code for our Dashboard was on GitHub. We are the copyright owner of all files on the sites listed below.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA notice. SardineAI is are the copyright owner of all files on the repositories listed below. The code contained in each of the files are exact copies of SardineAI’s code, and the entire repositories infringe SardineAI’s rights. The code was posted by a former contractor who had access to SardineAI’s code bank and who posted the files without SardineAI’s authorization.

treasure-orb/sardine-dashboard  
ws-jm/sardine-dashboard  
bendik0329/Sardine-Dashboard

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA notice. We are the copyright owner of all files on the sites listed below. All repositories are infringing.

https://github.com/treasure-orb/sardine-dashboard;  
https://github.com/ws-jm/sardine-dashboard;  
https://github.com/bendik0329/Sardine-Dashboard  

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

Technical and organisational security measures implemented by Sardine:

[private]

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

A former contractor used a subcontractor without our knowledge or consent. This subcontractor was upset that this former contractor did not pay him.

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, please see these:

treasure-orb/sardine-dashboard  
ws-jm/sardine-dashboard  
bendik0329/Sardine-Dashboard

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

[private]

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
