**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf? If you are submitting this notice on behalf of a company, please be sure to use an email address on the company's domain. If you use a personal email address for a notice submitted on behalf of a company, we may not be able to process it.**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am the [private] and [private] of "WOLF RPG Editor PRO", a proprietary software product that is exclusively distributed by [private].

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. All personal information is redacted before being published to our public DMCA repository.**

The copyrighted work is the PRO version of "WOLF RPG Editor", a commercial software product developed and sold exclusively by [private] on the BOOTH platform. The product includes executable files and associated tools not freely distributed elsewhere.

**If the original work referenced above is available online, please provide a URL.**

https://silversecond.booth.pm/items/4302198

**Based on the above, I confirm that:**

The entire repository is infringing

The following URL(s) are infringing:

https://github.com/pip08097/wolfrpgeditorpro

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Each fork</a> is a distinct repository and <i>must be identified separately.</i> As forks may often contain different material than in the parent repository, if you believe any of the repositories or files in the forks are infringing, please list each fork below:**

There are currently no forks of the infringing repository.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

**Please provide a telephone number.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request. Please provide your full legal name for your signature. Do not put down your username, initials, nickname, or company name. If you do not sign this notice with your legal name, we may not be able to process it.**

[private]
