**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

Both

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am the [private] and [private] representative of Paradigm Labs LLC, a company specializing in software development, reverse engineering software, and related services. [private] hold all proprietary rights, including copyrights, over our software products, internal communications, and technical documentation. As the authorized representative of Paradigm Labs LLC, I have the legal authority to act on its behalf in matters concerning intellectual property infringement.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The allegedly infringed material includes:  
Software Source Code: Proprietary code developed for our reverse engineering and software development tools.  
Technical Documentation: Detailed internal documentation, including design documents, implementation details, and descriptions of proprietary vulnerabilities.  
Private Communications: Confidential conversations and internal communications, which were protected under a signed non-disclosure agreement (NDA) with involved parties.

These materials are exclusively owned and maintained by Paradigm Labs LLC and are not publicly available. Authorized samples and related descriptions can be found on our official website: https://www.paradigm.directory/

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

We request that the infringing material be removed from the following GitHub repository(s):  
Repository URL: https://github.com/Non-MaskableInterrupt/Paradigm

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

None.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
