Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf? If you are submitting this notice on behalf of a company, please be sure to use an email address on the company's domain. If you use a personal email address for a notice submitted on behalf of a company, we may not be able to process it.**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Unauthorized distribution of text available for viewing or download.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. All personal information is redacted before being published to our public DMCA repository.**

Fluent Python, Copyright 2015 Luciano Ramalho

**If the original work referenced above is available online, please provide a URL.**

https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/fluent-python/9781491946237/

**Based on the above, I confirm that:**

Specific files within the repository are infringing

The following URL(s) are infringing:

https://github.com/piyusharma95/gyaan_ke_panne/blob/master/Fluent%20Python%20Clear%20Concise%20and%20Effective%20Programming.pdf

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Each fork</a> is a distinct repository and <i>must be identified separately.</i> As forks may often contain different material than in the parent repository, if you believe any of the repositories or files in the forks are infringing, please list each fork below:**

none found as of 3/27/2025

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

no

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

**Please provide a physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request. Please provide your full legal name for your signature. Do not put down your username, initials, nickname, or company name. If you do not sign this notice with your legal name, we may not be able to process it.**

[private]
