I am the copyright holder.  
This is NOT a revised DMCA notice.  
This notice involves content on GitHub.

Nature of my copyright ownership:  
I am the [private] and [private] of the Leatrix Plus, Leatrix  
Maps and Leatrix Sounds addons for World of Warcraft. I am the [private] and [private] of the official website of leatrix.com.

A detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has been
infringed with a URL to where it is posted online:
The original works are called Leatrix Plus, Leatrix Maps and Leatrix Sounds.
These are addons for World of Warcraft that [private] have written.
The official and genuine website for all three Leatrix addons is
www.leatrix.com. I am the [private] and [private] of this website.
[private] use CurseForge.com as an official and authorised host for the
downloads of all three Leatrix addons.

What files should be taken down:  
https://github.com/Markaronin/LeatrixPlus

This was identified as a fork. However, as you can see from the
repository itself, it is not a fork. It is a script that is used to
pull copyright Leatrix software and repackage it. I encourage you to
look at the code file workflows/addon-packager.yml to see that the
code does indeed pull Leatrix software, repackage it and host the
releases in an illegal storage location.

The description for the illegal repository does infact say:
"Mirror for Leatrix Plus for retail until the dev makes it available
for non curse clients"

In other words, blackmail. If I use [private] right not to host [private] copyright
software on certain platforms, this repository will steal [private] software,
repackage it and release it themselves.

I do not have technological measures in place to control access to
copyright content.

I am reporting these repositories because they have been created
solely to republish and rehost releases without permission. These are
not mere forks. They are release mirrors. These are repositories
created solely to rehost copyrighted releases without permission.

All three addons are published under all rights reserved.

The best solution for the reported infringing repositories is that the
reported content must be removed and repeat offences should result in
closure of the infringing GitHub accounts.

I do not have any infringer contact details.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials
described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the
copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that
is allegedly infringed.

I have taken fair use into consideration.

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice.

Mobile number: [private]

My full legal name and signature:  
[private]
