Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

Dear github.com,

This is a notice in accordance with the Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act (OCILLA), a part of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act 1998 (DMCA). according to the information we receive, the github.com website hosts and/or helps download and/or play the following content ("Youku Media Resources"), and Youku is the owner of the copyright and/or exclusive rights to these content.No one has the right to display, copy, transmit or otherwise transmit Youku Media Resources without the express written permission of Youku.Unauthorized dissemination of Youku's media resources constitutes copyright infringement. Such conduct may also violate the laws, international law and/or treaties of other countries.

We are convinced that the use of the copyrighted material mentioned above on github.com is not authorized by copyright owners, their agents or the law.

Therefore, Youku requires immediate cessation of access to Youku's property via github.com and requires the github.com website to confirm in writing to the undersigned: (i) remove access to Youku's property within 24 hours of receipt of this letter Right, (ii) Appropriate action has been taken on account holders in accordance with the Prevention of Abuse Policy / Terms of Service Agreement.

The information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. We hereby declare that the information in the notification is accurate to the best of our knowledge & belief.
​
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. I have taken fair use into consideration. I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice. I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.

Thank you for your assistance and your cooperation on this matter.If you have any questions, please send an email to [private]. Please include this message in your inquiry to ensure a quick response.  
Sincerely

Electronic Signature：[private]  
Hangzhou Fubo Technology Co., Ltd.，On behalf of Youku, Inc.  
Email: [private]  
Phone: [private]

Identification of copyrighted work(s)  
难哄

Original Work Title: The First Frost (2025)  
Authorized example of work: https://mydramalist.com/722171-first-frost  
Authorization Letter: [private]

Copyright infringing material or activity found at the following location(s)  
在以下位置找到的侵犯版权  
https://github.com/recloudstream/cloudstream/releases/download/v4.5.1/4.5.1.apk
