Dear Sir/Madam,
We are writing to you on behalf of our client Playco Entertainment [private] (hereinafter referred as “Client”), the owner of exclusive rights for a vast catalogue of copyrights and trademarks. The Client has authorized us, MarkScan, to act on their behalf to protect and enforce the unauthorized activities with respect to the IP.

We would like to inform you that we have found a pirate "IPTV UHD 4K" service that is pirating content from multiple rights holders worldwide. This IPTV leverages GitHub, enabling it to swiftly migrate to a new authentication/streaming server each time we block one.

We checked the application network logs and identified that the app is using a raw GitHub file URL below.  
(https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mnisarriz/infostring/main/info) to fetch the latest authentication server ([private])

1. Please find below the step-by-step screenshots demonstrating how your services are being leveraged to facilitate the operation of this pirate IPTV.

[private]

2. Network logs where the authentication server ([private]) is visible:

[private]

3.  We opened the raw GitHub URL and found that the authentication server being used within the app is visible:

[private]

Evidence of content Playing:

[private]

We request you to please remove the reported URL or suspend your services from the application, as this application indulges in copyright violation, which greatly impacts our client's business.

We understand in good faith & belief that the use of the services described above is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent(s), or the law.

We, under penalty of perjury, state that the information in this Notice is accurate, and state that we are authorized to act on behalf of our client who is the exclusive owner of the copyright that is being infringed. We further declare that the information in this is correct to the best of our belief.


DIGITAL SIGNATURE FOR COPYRIGHT CLAIM  
[private]  
MarkScan  
Email: [private]  
[private]  
Website: http://markscan.co.in/.
