**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf? If you are submitting this notice on behalf of a company, please be sure to use an email address on the company's domain. If you use a personal email address for a notice submitted on behalf of a company, we may not be able to process it.**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I’m the [private] and [private] of Lagrange Labs, Inc. which has an ownership of Lagrange-Labs organization (https://github.com/Lagrange-Labs). Lagrange Labs holds ownership of the repository (except for part under other licenses, under proprietary license, which can be found here. [private]

Copyright 2024 Lagrange, Inc.

THIS SOFTWARE LICENSE IS A LEGALLY BINDING AGREEMENT BETWEEN LAGRANGE LABS INC.
(“Lagrange”) AND THE LEGAL ENTITY YOU REPRESENT (“You”). IF YOU USE OR ARE
ENGAGING IN ACTIVITIES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT FOR A BUSINESS, COMPANY OR CORPORATE
ENTITY (“Company”), WHETHER AS AN EMPLOYEE OR CONTRACTOR, THE TERM “YOU”
INCLUDES, AND THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS HEREOF ARE BINDING ON, BOTH YOU AS AN
INDIVIDUAL AS WELL AS SUCH COMPANY. IN ADDITION, YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT
YOU HAVE THE AUTHORITY TO BIND SUCH COMPANY, AND THAT SUCH COMPANY HAS
AUTHORIZED YOU TO ACCEPT THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT ON ITS BEHALF.

LAGRANGE IS WILLING TO PROVIDE A COPYRIGHT LICENSE TO CERTAIN SOFTWARE AND
DOCUMENTATION (EACH DEFINED BELOW) TO YOU ONLY ON THE CONDITION THAT YOU ACCEPT
AND AGREE TO AND COMPLY WITH ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS IN THIS AGREEMENT.
BY CLICKING THAT YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS OR BY USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU
ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU HAVE READ THIS AGREEMENT, UNDERSTAND IT, AND AGREE
TO BE BOUND BY ITS TERMS AND CONDITIONS.

1. DEFINED TERMS. In addition to other terms that may be defined herein, the
following capitalized terms have the meanings set forth as follows:

1.1. “Documentation” means documentation that Lagrange provides or otherwise
makes available to You in connection with the Software or Platform.

1.2. “Platform” means Lagrange’s propriety proving network optimized for
generating large scale batch storage, receipt or transactions proofs,
concurrently with arbitrary dynamic distributed computation, as the network may
be developed, revised, improved, modified, expanded, or otherwise improved from
time to time.

1.3. “Software” means the software that Lagrange provides or makes available to
You, whether in source code or object code format, in connection with the
Platform.

2. COPYRIGHT LICENSE. Subject to and conditioned upon Your compliance with the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, Lagrange hereby grants to You
a personal, non-exclusive, non-sublicenseable, non-transferable, revocable,
limited license under Lagrange’s copyrights, during the Term, (i) to download,
install, and internally use the Software solely for the purpose of testing and
evaluating it, (ii) to internally use an unmodified version of the Software
solely in connection with Your use of the Platform (subclauses (i) and (ii)
together, the “Permitted Purpose”), and (iii) to reproduce a reasonable number
of copies of the Documentation on an internal basis only, and solely in support
of the Permitted Purpose.

3. THIRD PARTY LICENSES. The delivery of the Software does not convey a license,
nor imply any rights, to use third party programs. A separate and independent
license for such use may be required and You will be solely responsible to
verify whether such license is needed in conjunction with Your use of such third
party programs. If applicable, certain third party notices may be made available
at https://www.lagrange.dev/license_3rdParty or accompanying the Software (e.g.,
available in the Software readme files). The notices accompanying the Software
control over the notices posted at https://www.lagrange.dev/license_3rdParty with
respect to the applicable third party programs.

4. RESERVATION OF RIGHTS; NO GRANT OF PATENT RIGHTS. The Software is licensed
and not sold to You. You acknowledge and agree that nothing in this Agreement
conveys, assigns, or otherwise transfers to You any title or ownership rights in
any part of the Software, Documentation, or Platform or to any intellectual
property rights of Lagrange. Except for the express copyright licenses granted
to You in Section 2, no other intellectual property rights are granted by
Lagrange under or as a result of this Agreement (whether expressly, impliedly,
by virtue of estoppel or exhaustion, or otherwise). You acknowledge and agree
that neither the delivery of any part or all of the Software nor any provision
of this Agreement will be deemed or construed to grant (whether expressly, by
implication or by way of estoppel or otherwise) any right, license, authority to
infringe, or immunity from infringement liability under or to any patents or
other intellectual property rights of Lagrange covering or relating to any
technology (including any product or invention) not embodied solely in the
Software.

5. SOFTWARE RESTRICTIONS. Except as expressly permitted in Section 2, (a) You
must not reproduce, distribute, publicly perform, publicly display, or create
derivative works of or based on the Software, or disclose, rent, lease, loan,
provide, or otherwise transfer, in any manner, to any third party the Software,
Documentation or any portion thereof, and (b) You will not reverse engineer,
disassemble, decompile, or translate the Software or any portion thereof, except
if and to the extent expressly permitted under any applicable law. You must not
incorporate, link, distribute, or use any third party software or code in
conjunction with (i) the Software (ii) any software, products, documentation,
content, or other materials developed using the Software, or (iii) any
derivative works that You make using the source code portions of the Software
(if any), in such a way that: (x) creates, purports to create,or has the
potential to create, obligations with respect to the Software, including the
distribution or disclosure of any source code; or (y) grants, purports to grant,
or has the potential to grant to any third party any rights to or immunities
under any intellectual property rights or proprietary rights of Lagrange,
including as the rights exist in or relate to the Software.

6. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES

6.1. YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT USE OF THE SOFTWARE, PLATFORM, AND
DOCUMENTATION IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE SOFTWARE AND PLATFORM ARE PROVIDED “AS
IS ”AND WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY
OR OTHERWISE. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, LAGRANGE,
ITS SERVICE PROVIDERS, LICENSORS AND EACH OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES,
SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL STATUTORY OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND
NON-INFRINGEMENT, ANY WARRANTIES ARISING FROM COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF
TRADE, AND WARRANTIES AGAINST HIDDEN OR LATENT DEFECTS. LAGRANGE DOES NOT
REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE SOFTWARE OR PLATFORM
WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, OR THAT THE OPERATION OF THE SOFTWARE OR PLATFORM
WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT DEFECTS IN THE SOFTWARE OR PLATFORM
WILL BE CORRECTED.

6.2. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, UNDER NO
CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE, WILL LAGRANGE, ITS AFFILIATES, SERVICE
PROVIDERS, LICENSORS OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES
OR AGENTS BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING ANY DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS,
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION AND THE LIKE) ARISING OUT OF
OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY DOWNLOAD, INSTALLATION
OR USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE SOFTWARE OR PLATFORM, EVEN IF LAGRANGE HAS
BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. LAGRANGE'S CUMULATIVE LIABILITY
ARISING FROM THE SOFTWARE PROVIDED HEREUNDER, WHETHER FOR BREACH OF CONTRACT,
WARRANTY, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY IN TORT, INDEMNIFICATION, CONTRIBUTION,
OR OTHERWISE, WILL BE LIMITED TO THE DIRECT DAMAGES RECOVERABLE UNDER LAW, BUT
NOT TO EXCEED US $100 OR THE EQUIVALENT THEREOF IN ANY OTHER CURRENCY.

6.3. THE LIMITATIONS, EXCLUSIONS AND DISCLAIMERS IN THIS SECTION 7 (DISCLAIMER
OF WARRANTIES) APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. Lagrange does not
disclaim any warranty or other right that Lagrange is prohibited from
disclaiming under applicable law.

7. INDEMNITY. You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Lagrange, its affiliates
and licensors, and each of their respective officers, directors, employees,
agents and successors and assigns (each, a “Lagrange Indemnitee”), from and
against any and all claims, actions, suits, demands, causes of action, losses,
liabilities, damages, costs and expenses, incurred or otherwise suffered by each
Lagrange Indemnitee (including costs of defense, investigation, and reasonable
attorneys’ fees) arising out of, resulting from, or related Your use of the
Software. If and as requested by Lagrange, You agree to defend, at Your cost,
each Lagrange Indemnitee in connection with any third party claims, demands, or
causes of action resulting from, arising out of or in connection with any of the
foregoing; provided that You will not settle any claim, action, or suit without
the prior written consent of Lagrange. LAGRANGE HAS NO OBLIGATION TO DEFEND,
INDEMNIFY, OR HOLD YOU HARMLESS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.

8. TERM AND TERMINATION. This Agreement is effective upon acceptance by You and
continues until terminated as provided herein (the “Term”). You may terminate
this Agreement at any time by deleting and destroying all copies of the Software
and Documentation and all related information in Your possession or control and
providing Lagrange with written notice thereof. The licenses granted to you by
Lagrange under this Agreement and your right to access the Software terminate
immediately and automatically, with or without notice, if You fail to comply
with any provision of this Agreement. Additionally, Lagrange may at any time
terminate this Agreement, either with or without cause, upon notice to you.
Sections 1 and 4 through 9 survive the termination of this Agreement.

9. MISCELLANEOUS. This Agreement is governed and interpreted in accordance with
the laws of the state of California, United States of America, without giving
effect to its conflict of laws provisions that would result in the application
of the laws of a different state or country. Any claim, lawsuit, or proceeding
arising out of or related to this Agreement must be brought exclusively in the
courts of Los Angeles County, California and You consent to the exclusive
jurisdiction and venue of such courts, provided that either party may seek
injunctive or other equitable relief in any court with jurisdiction. If any
provision (or portion of a provision) of this Agreement is held to be illegal,
invalid, or unenforceable, the legality, enforceability, or validity of the
remaining provisions (or portion of the applicable provision) of this Agreement
will not be affected. This Agreement (constitutes the entire and exclusive
agreement between Lagrange and You with respect to the Software. You must abide
by all applicable local, state, national, and foreign laws, treaties, and
regulations in connection with Your use of the Software. If You are acting on
behalf of an agency or instrumentality of the U.S. government, the Software and
Documentation, as applicable, are “commercial computer software” and “commercial
computer software documentation” developed exclusively at private expense by
Lagrange. Pursuant to FAR 12.212 or DFARS 227 7202 and their successors, as
applicable, use, reproduction, and disclosure of the Software is governed by the
terms of this Agreement. You must not delegate, transfer, or assign this
Agreement or any of the rights, duties, or obligations hereunder (whether
voluntarily, by operation of law, or otherwise) without Lagrange’s prior written
consent. Except to the extent that Lagrange is expressly precluded by applicable
law, Lagrange further reserves the right to make changes to this Agreement,
including as needed to reflect changes in business practices or to reflect
changes in or required by law or otherwise, by providing You with reasonable
notice of the changes.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed.**

Lagrange Labs, Inc. is owner of the repositories under https://github.com/Lagrange-Labs GitHub organization. Thus, it owns the lsc-contracts ([private]) [private] which has a custom license attached to it. This repository contains the code of smart contracts that are deployed on blockchain networks for the Lagrange State Committees protocol of Lagrange Labs, Inc.

The repository was licensed under Lagrange's license. Under the license, a user is given "a personal, non-exclusive, non-sublicenseable, non-transferable, revocable, limited license under Lagrange’s copyrights, during the Term, (i) to download, install, and internally use the Software solely for the purpose of testing and evaluating it, (ii) to internally use an unmodified version of the Software solely in connection with Your use of the Platform (subclauses (i) and (ii) together, the “Permitted Purpose”), and (iii) to reproduce a reasonable number of copies of the Documentation on an internal basis only, and solely in support of the Permitted Purpose."

A user is not permitted to create a copy/fork/clone and publicly publish the code in their own repository. Therefore, the copied/forked/cloned repository is in violation of the License.

In addition, we have since closed sourced the repository, which may have caused this individual to publish the code. By close sourcing the code, we have in effect revoked the license granted and also hereby revoke the license for this person to keep a copy of the code.

**If the original work referenced above is available online, please provide a URL.**

[private]

**We ask that a DMCA takedown notice list every specific file in the repository that is infringing, unless the entire contents of the repository are infringing on your copyright. Please clearly state that the entire repository is infringing, OR provide the specific files within the repository you would like removed.**

**Based on the above, I confirm that:**

The entire repository is infringing

**Identify the full repository URL that is infringing:**

https://github.com/LagrangeLab/lsc-contracts

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**If you are reporting an allegedly infringing fork, please note that each fork is a distinct repository and <i>must be identified separately</i>. Please read more about <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">forks.</a> As forks may often contain different material than in the parent repository, if you believe any of the repositories or files in the forks are infringing, please list each fork URL below:**

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

Yes

**Which license?**

other

**How do you believe the license is being violated?**

The repository was licensed under Lagrange's license. Under the license, a user is given "a personal, non-exclusive, non-sublicenseable, non-transferable, revocable, limited license under Lagrange’s copyrights, during the Term, (i) to download, install, and internally use the Software solely for the purpose of testing and evaluating it, (ii) to internally use an unmodified version of the Software solely in connection with Your use of the Platform (subclauses (i) and (ii) together, the “Permitted Purpose”), and (iii) to reproduce a reasonable number of copies of the Documentation on an internal basis only, and solely in support of the Permitted Purpose."

A user is not permitted to create a copy/fork/clone and publicly publish the code in their own repository. Therefore, the copied/forked/cloned repository is in violation of the License.

In addition, we have since closed sourced the repository, which may have caused this individual to publish the code. By close sourcing the code, we have in effect revoked the license granted and also hereby revoke the license for this person to keep a copy of the code.

**What changes can be made to bring the project into compliance with the license? For example, adding attribution, adding a license, making the repository private.**

The only remedy is to delete the repository and to destroy all copies.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full name for your signature.**

[private]
