Hello,

Someone posted not only [private] copyrighted & trademarked code yesterday for [private] company Spinnr. But they also posted a Publicly accessible Google API key for Google Cloud Platform project SpinnrWeb.

1. Identify the copyrighted work you believe has been infringed: 

https://github.com/Ankushkam/DatingApp

2. Identify the material that you allege is infringing the copyrighted work. Include the URL to the material allegedly infringing your copyright: 

The entire codebase is ours. This must be a disgruntled [private] (or friend of one). They even left our API key in there. We have since had to delete our API key and it is causing us to do more development work.

3. Explain what the affected user would need to do in order to remedy the infringement: 

He has to take down our code from their github repo.

4. Provide your contact information. Include your email address, name, telephone number, and physical address.

[private], [private], [private], [private], [private], [private].

5. Provide contact information, if you know it, for the alleged infringer:

We found his email address: [private] 

The code / original copyrighted content can be seen at https://spinnrweb.com - this is our web app that is visible on the github account that belongs to [private].

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
Spinnr.app
