I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

Discover has identified 3 repositories under one user account that appear to have Discover data within:

https://github.com/arya-tech/discover-config  
Within this repository, there are direct Discover email addresses, as well as a message "welcome to discover accounts relates API's".  The entire repository is infringing.  While these all appear to be basic configuration files, they clearly state they are related to discover, even referencing “discover” in all of the URLs (in each file).

https://github.com/arya-tech/accounts  
https://github.com/arya-tech/banking  
Both of these repositories contain code related to Discover account management.  Both entire repositories are infringing.  All of the files in these repositories contain code snippets directly from our [private], and in fact share the same internal folder structures.  There is not a single file to point to, as all of them are like this and are using our com.discover packages.  Additionally, the pom file explicitly states “accounts microservice of discover bank”.

We have attempted to identify a user to reach out to directly, with no success.

We are requesting the user remove these three repositories.

My contact information:  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  

We do not have contact information for this user, outside of their account name of "arya-tech".

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Thanks,

[private] | Discover [private]  
[private] - [private]  
[private]  
