Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

Dear Sir or Madam:  
I am a [private] of Baidu [private] (hereinafter “Baidu”), I am sending this notice on behalf of Baidu. We have found that a file on GitHub.com contain Baidu’s proprietary information and infringes on Baidu’s copyrights, but we could not effectively contact the infringer to ask them to remove the said infringing file, and until now the file still on GitHub.com , so we hereby request GitHub to take down the said infringing file in accordance with DMCA and GitHub’s DMCA Takedown Policy.

We have put the single infringing file in the attachment into the main text as per your request. The details are as follows.  
Link：[https://github.com/hehuibo/apollo-DuerOS/blob/master/CarLife-Android-Vehicle-V2.0/vehicle-app/carlife.keystore]

For protection of Baidu’s proprietary information and copyrights, please kindly take down the infringing file as soon as possible.

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice. I have a good faith belief that use of the abovementioned infringing file is not authorized by the copyright owner Baidu, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration. I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

If any query, please feel free to contact me. Thanks.

I strongly recommend that you refer to the handling of historical work orders: 2347461, 2327988. These work orders were all submitted by me and have been processed

contact information:  
name: [private]  
email: [private]  
telephone: [private]  
physical address: [private]  

PS. This can fully prove that he is a relevant document of Baidu  
https://github.com/hehuibo/apollo-DuerOS/
