Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

Note: Because the reported network that contained the allegedly infringing content was larger than one hundred (100) repositories, and the submitter alleged that all or most of the forks were infringing to the same extent as the parent repository, GitHub processed the takedown notice against the entire network of 1,311 repositories, inclusive of the parent repository.

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

Yes

**Please provide the Zendesk ticket number of your previously submitted notice. Zendesk ticket numbers are 7 digit ID numbers located in the subject line or body of your confirmation email.**

2777534

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am submitting as [private] for Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc., parent company of Rockstar Games and publisher of the Grand Theft Auto video game series. The use and distribution of our code reverse engineered or not is being done without permission.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Grand Theft Auto software code - not posted online.

The "Yimura/GTAV-Classes" repository contains full classes illegally obtained due to a security breach in December 2023.  
The "YimMenu/YimMenu" repository uses the illegally obtained code inside the repository “Yimura/GTAV-Classes”. Besides that fact, this repository also contains reverse engineered property more specifically in the folder “src/gta”.

Recently there have also been new contributions with illegally obtained code.  
https://github.com/Yimura/GTAV-Classes/commit/f2f73a8004c7ab9275559292272be94411f3a115  

Left is the committed name and right is the original name in internal code  
[private]  
[private]  

[private]  
[private]  
etc.

Another example can be found here:  
https://github.com/Yimura/GTAV-Classes/commit/f91b409aacdeb1b718042fe33c6669fff46c73dd  
whereas the orginal is [private]  

Before those commits the names was either wrong or named as unk (unknown).

This gives us a reason to believe it’s a substantial similarity. As of now some pull requests have been denied since they used 1:1 naming like this: https://github.com/Yimura/GTAV-Classes/pull/173/files.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/Yimura/GTAV-Classes  
https://github.com/YimMenu/YimMenu

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Based on the representative number of forks I have reviewed, I believe that all or most of the forks are infringing to the same extent as the parent repository.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

User Yimura and YimMenu

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
