While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

We were made aware that our private code was made publicly available by one of your users. The repository and user account in question is here:

https://github.com/winterbreaker22/4Screen

Note that our company name is 4 Screen Media - so this individual clearly is aware of where this code came from. The code contained in this repository is work that we spent a significant amount of capital and time to create and license to paying clients. No one was allowed the ability to publish it anywhere, in any form.

We demand that this repository be deleted immediately.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

This is a IP that is contained in another [private] under our account: [private]. This is the legitimate source code, and should not be removed. As you can see, there are regular updates by our approved staff.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The entire repository contained here: https://github.com/winterbreaker22/4Screen/ contains illegally obtained source code from our team. This user's entire account seems to have code taken from various copyright holders.

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

We require all of our employees and contracts to sign NDAs and non-competes. We also restrict their access to github and other services via enforcing 2FA methods. We also change the access keys used in our source code so that even if users obtain our code maliciously they cannot run it effectively without significant extra work.

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

This is an older copy of our codebase, taking without our permission - so it is by definition circumventing our protection measures.

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, we have searched. None have been found.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

We do not have this user's contact info.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
