While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---


**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Many of the games featured on this website are exclusively licensed for display and monetization on the web by Poki BV. The unauthorised display and monetization of these games on this site is illegal and constitutes a violation of copyright and licensing agreements.  
Some of these games are:  
Subway Surfers,  
Poor Eddie  
Stickman Hook  
Tunnel Rush  
Monkey Mart  
Kour.IO  
Blockpost  
Drive Mad  
Forgotten Hill: The Wardrobe  
Forgotten Hill Memento: Love Beyond  
Make it Meme  
Cow Bay  
Sword Masters  
Level Devil  
Stick Merge  
Crazy Cars  
Crossy Road  
Temple of Boom  
Temple Run 2  
Idle Ants  
Retro Bowl  
Venge.IO  

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

All of the games mentioned before are from our website https://poki.com/

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://gnhustgames.github.io/ and all illegal games on it.

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

Our HTML5 games are only allowed to run on whitelisted domains. On our backends we take care of domain-whitelisting and other integrity checks. Due to the nature of HTML5 games i.e. client-side code, it’s easy to rehost and run it elsewhere. Experiments with code-mangling, site-locking and obfuscation have thus far only hurt legitimate players, whilst for game-rippers it remained trivial to circumvent.

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

These are clones of our HTML5 code. Our games are illegally displayed on this website hosted by Github.

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

We have not been able to find the infringing forks on the users page "gnhustgames" on Github.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No we don't have it.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
Poki B.V.  
[private]  
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
