Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

We have become aware of confidential, copyrighted Stripe, Inc. ("Stripe") interview questions that are hosted on your site and would like to have this content removed. The content in question is located here: https://github.com/saurabhgokhale/StripeInterview/tree/main?tab=readme-ov-file. The copyright protected content in question is engineering interview questions created and owned solely by Stripe. The reported link is a reposting of these confidential interview questions which violates Stripe's copyright and compromises the integrity or Stripe's hiring process. The entire repository contains this copyrighted material, hence the name "Stripe Interview" (https://github.com/saurabhgokhale/StripeInterview). Stripe has not authorized the use of our content in this manner and we request that it be removed. Please confirm receipt and removal via reply to this email.    

- "I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.
- "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law."
- "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."
- “I have taken fair use into consideration."

[private]  
Stripe, Inc.   
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
