Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

Dear GitHub  

**DMCA Take Down Notice**
   
1. We “Claranet” act for NotSoSecure Global Services Limited (“NSS”), NSS is a Claranet  
group company. We write in relation to a course on GitHub that is infringing  
Claranet’s and NSS copyright as set out below. Please take this letter as a formal  
complaint and request to remove/take down the offending content set out below.  
   
2. We have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.  
   
3. By way of background NSS created the content for a course they run called the  
“Hacking and Securing cloud” course. For more information, please refer the below  
link: https://notsosecure.com/security-training/hacking-and-securing-cloudinfrastructure  

4. This course was delivered by NSS, part of the Claranet group of companies. This  
course is proprietary material and is for access by paying students and run virtually.  
The course was not freely open to the public and is protected. Attendees had to pay  
a fee to attend and in order to access such materials. Attendees were not authorised  
to make any recording or copies of the course, nor to publicly distribute the  
accompanying materials. The materials were shared with the attendees for their use  
only in completion of the course.  

5. This course consisted of; the presentation/slide show, the notes for the  
presenter/trainer, the answers to the course exam and the accompanying materials  
for the students. Each of these individually and as a collection is a literary work  
pursuant to s.3(1) of the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988 (“CDPA”).  

6. It has since transpired that one attendee recorded and took a copy of the course and  
materials, without the consent of Claranet or NSS and has shared the course and  
provided student materials from the course on GitHub. The content found at the  
following link (“GitHub Link”):  
https://github.com/bobdolectf/pasta/blob/bf0474581d6bf216e76d91a9fae1ac31d397038a/nss.cloud.hacking  

7. The entire content posted at the GitHub Link above is in breach of the terms of use  
and terms for the course, as well as the CDPA.  

8. Under s.11 CDPA Claranet and NSS are the owners of the copyright within each  
recording and literary copies of the course and the individual accompanying content.  
It is also the owner of the copyright within the collection all of these as a whole.  

9. All content created for the course is marked with a copyright notice. An example of  
this is shown below. There is also a copyright notice on the portal attendees sign into  
to obtain the accompanying material for the course and on any supplementary  
documentation distributed as part of the course.  

10. The course content has been shared on and is publicly available on GitHub via the  
student’s handle on GitHub, found in the student’s “Files” and “Web” folder, file  
name “nss.cloud.hacking” and this complaint is therefore within the scope of your  
copyright complaints process. The content has been shared, as shown in the  
screenshots below:

[private]

11. NSS has already submitted a notice through GitHub’s DMCA process, a copy of which  
is attached to this letter. The GitHub Trust & Safety team has requested clarifications  
summarised below:

(a) Is this a student’s own work? Please see image above which highlights NSS’  
content and the same content as copy on the student's GitHub file. The content  
uploaded to GitHub in the file, is a copy of NSS’ course proprietary content. It is  
not the student’s own work.  

(b) Suggestion that NSS contact the student directly: NSS and Claranet have  
attempted to make contact with the student, but they only have the student’s [private] handle: [private]. Contact has not been  
successful.  

(c) Bring this infringement to the trainers attention and provide guidance to  
students: The representative of NSS that submitted the recent DMCA application  
to GitHub is the course trainer and already provides such guidance notice to  
students.  

(d) Please provide evidence that NSS/Claranet owns the copyright to the course and  
content and is protected under copyright: This notice and complaint including its’  
content and supporting evidence clearly proves copyright and ownership by NSS  
and Claranet.  

12. NSS/Claranet’s copyright is being blatantly infringed by the sharing of the content  
without the consent, licence or authorisation of Claranet. This unauthorised sharing  
amounts to infringement under s. 17(1) and (2), s.18(1) and s.20(1) CDPA.  

13. In light of the above, we ask that you immediately remove/suspend/permanently  
block the channel/source identified above and remove and disable all files and  
shared links from those channels.  

14. We await your response as a matter of urgency. In the meantime, rights are  
expressly reserved.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and  
that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an  
exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  
   
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the  
infringing web pages is not authorised by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.  
   
I have taken fair use into consideration.  

Yours faithfully  

[private]  

[private]  
[private]  
Claranet Ltd  
On behalf of NotSoSecure Global Services Limited  

Email: [private]  
Tel: [private]  
