Dear Github,  

Please accept this DMCA notice of infringement and delete request filed by Shanghai Baison Software Co.,Ltd. and takedown the links referenced below。I have read and understood GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.  
         
When we visited the public GitHub on November 11, 2019, our security team found that github's publicly stored repository infringes the copyright of our company. The copyrighted work is proprietary software and related code for the Baison iPOS+ intelligent terminal management software. It is a professional management system designed for fashion brand terminal management. It is a commercial product whose code is completely protected by copyright.

Attach the software copyright certificate of the product。That belongs to Shanghai Baison Software Co., Ltd.  

[private]
         
The unauthorized and infringing material can be found at:  
https://github.com/TonyMao111/lqxonline  

The entire repositories all infringe the copyright of baison, and must be completely removed, thank you very much!  
         
I have a good faith belief that use of the copy righted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copy right owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.  

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner，or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  

The following is our contact information:  
My name：[private]  
Cellphone：[private]  
Email：[private]  
Company Name：Shanghai Baison Software Co.,Ltd  
Company Address：[private]  
Website：http://www.baison.com.cn/  

Looking forward to your reply. Thanks a lot!  

My signature:  
[private]
