**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am the [private] of Vector Automotive Technology (Shanghai) Co.,Ltd. (AKA. Vector China).
Vector China is a fully owned subsidiary of Vector Informatik GmbH (AKA. Vector Germany).
Vector Germany owns the copyright of the software uploaded to Github.
I am authorized by Vector China and Vector Germany to address this issue.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

URL for infringed software: https://github.com/Timb00/Test  
This is a commercial embedded software package running on automotive controllers.  
This package is sold by Vector China to one automotive customer. The use of the software is restricted by the right of use of the contract signed by Vector China and its customer and is not supposed to be distributed freely.  

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

URL for infringed software: https://github.com/Timb00/Test  
All uploaded items in the link above should be taken down.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes.  
All uploaded items are part of the software package and should be taken down.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

The software is NOT licensed as an open source license.  

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

All items need to be taken down as it's violating the right of use of the contract signed by Vector China and the licensee of the software.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
