To Whom It May Concern,

The following information serves to assert LCH Ltd rights and request removal of allegedly infringing web content under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA). The following is a report, in good faith, of alleged copyright infringement. I am contacting you as the designated agent for the site upon which the infringing work currently appears. This letter is a Notice of Infringement as authorized in 512(c) of the U.S. Copyright Law.

LCH Ltd is the copyright owner of the works and the following is true and accurate.

The original works, for which LCH Ltd claim intellectual property and copyright, are held on our internal servers, this is confidential and we are unable to provide a URL.

The allegedly infringing source code appears at the following location(s) online:

https://github.com/achilledev/common/  
https://github.com/Unicase/MCM/  
https://github.com/ssayyed/myfirstrepo/  

This code relates to the proprietary internal clearing systems of LCH Ltd developed under contract and published on GitHub without authorisation.  

We request that this code is removed as it continues to infringe LCH copyright.  

My contact information, as copyright holder, is as follows:  

LCH Ltd  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]

The information of the alleged copyright infringer is:  
[private]

LCH Ltd have a good faith belief the use of the above reference intellectual property and copyrighted work(s) that appears on the website for which you are the designated DMCA agent is not authorized by the intellectual property and copyright owner, its agent, or by law. LCH Ltd have taken fair use into consideration.  

I declare, under penalty of perjury, this notice is true and correct and that LCH Ltd is the intellectual property and copyright owner entitled to exclusive rights, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Signed this ____6____ day of _____November______, 2019_____ in [private].  
{YOUR SIGNATURE/eSIGNATURE}  

[private]
