**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

As a duly designated employee of TCF Bank, it has come to my attention that code belonging to TCF Bank resides in a repository under the user MbqIIB.
https://github.com/MbqIIB/Integration_IIB_BIC_PWRetrieverBIC/ is TCF Bank proprietary code.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

https://github.com/MbqIIB/Integration_IIB_BIC_PWRetrieverBIC contains TCF bank proprietary code and must be deleted from GitHub immediately.

Here is what happened:

We used GitHub cloud – paid account, for TCF Bank.

That free account gave you 50 private repositories. A developer in TCF added a 51st repository which GitHub made public.

Then … apparently… somebody (user MbqIIB) cloned that repository and placed in under that user.

We have subsequently discontinued using GitHub cloud due to this security issue and are currently using a private GitHub Enterprise instance hosted in our data center.

If you go to the link:

https://github.com/MbqIIB/Integration_IIB_BIC_PWRetrieverBIC/blob/18447eab0e46b980b0f05669c761756b4fdf79ce/Web_Services_zVM_SSL/com/tcfbank/www/CTRDocument.esql

If you notice on that page – you will notice that there is actually a password in this file (which is not a good idea and we have dealt with that issue separately).

If you note – the com/tcfbank/www in the code – this clearly identifies this as code we created and is in our namespace.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

Every file located in the following repository:
https://github.com/MbqIIB/Integration_IIB_BIC_PWRetrieverBIC

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

We believe this is the only instance on GitHub.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Best solution is to delete the entire repository.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No. All we have is the name of the user which is MbqIIB.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
