**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**     
     
Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.     
     
**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**     
     
The repository I am reporting appears to be the HTML code of BMO Online Banking Home Page and Login Page that can be found here: https://www1.bmo.com/onlinebanking/cgi-bin/netbnx/NBmain     
     
**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**     
     
The files located at the identified repository below is a copy of webpages under BMO Financial Group, and the original poster had no known legal authority to share this information publicly. The HTML code was posted on GitHub without company authorization, and potentially poses a security and privacy risk to the company. This can also be obtained and altered by the repository owner and future forks.     
     
**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**     
     
https://github.com/llmhyy/phishing-target/tree/6e6007cd7d1f5412c8672696d03d38635edd3810/benchmark/data/target-list/Bank%20of%20Montreal     
https://github.com/llmhyy/phishing-target/blob/6e6007cd7d1f5412c8672696d03d38635edd3810/benchmark/data/target-list/Bank%20of%20Montreal/homepage.png     
https://github.com/llmhyy/phishing-target/blob/6e6007cd7d1f5412c8672696d03d38635edd3810/benchmark/data/target-list/Bank%20of%20Montreal/homepage_html.txt     
https://github.com/llmhyy/phishing-target/blob/6e6007cd7d1f5412c8672696d03d38635edd3810/benchmark/data/target-list/Bank%20of%20Montreal/login_html.txt     
     
**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**     
     
This repository was forked by [private] but we were unable to find the exact files in the forked repository.     
     
**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**     
     
The repository contains HTML code likely obtained from the official BMO Financial Group website.     
     
**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**     
     
We request the that the owner of this repository remove all images and HTML code related to BMO Financial Group found under the folder, phishing-target/benchmark/data/target-list/Bank of Montreal/.     
     
**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**     
     
The repository owner, [private] (llmhyy), has listed himself as [private] with a website ([private]) and e-mail address ([private]) on GitHub.     
     
**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**     
     
**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**     
     
**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**     
     
**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**     
     
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**     
     
[private]     
Office: [private]       
[private]  
     
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**     
     
[private]  
