**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I made some parts of the code, and the code was licensed exclusively to another brand's owner for exclusive commercial use.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

https://github.com/hawkservers/Hyrane-backup

This is a forked repository of another repository I recently sent a DMCA request about: https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/2019/10/2019-10-24-hyrane.md

I found out about when the repositories owner wrote about it in a public Discord server and linked an image of it.  
Discord chat: [private]  
The image he sent: [private]  

I made parts of the repository, specifically a UI library. The Lua files in the UI library also has a license notice at the top of every file that explicitly says that it's licensed exclusively to a brand named Hyrane.co. 

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

As the repository is private I am unable to check the URL, but if there's been no changes to the repository since the screenshot was sent the URL would be https://github.com/hawkservers/Hyrane-backup/tree/master/addons/%5Bhyrane%5D_ui

As the reported repository is private I have no URL of the infringed work, but it would most likely be named "hyrane_ui" or "hyraneui"

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

I haven't been able to find any forks.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No, it's an exclusive commercial license for a brand which the repository owner is not a part of.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Complete removal of the repository.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

I don't have the infringer's contact information.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Telephone number: [private]  
Address: [private]  
Email: [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
