**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
  
Yes, I am the copyright holder.  
  
**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**  
  
I have a large collection of private code written by myself to be used at my will. It was originated from me and has never been owned by anyone else. It is my intellectual property.  
  
**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
  
See: [private]  
It has never been published or released to the public.    
As you can see this repository has never been publicized and it is completely my IP.  
  
**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**  
  
Project: https://github.com/DesireMC/desiremc    
Offending directory: https://github.com/DesireMC/desiremc/tree/master/DesireMC/Common/src/main/java/com/desiremc/common  
Search revealing a failed cover up of copyright header removal: https://github.com/DesireMC/desiremc/search[private]  
Example of file left with my copyright (many have been stripped, but some remain): https://github.com/DesireMC/desiremc/blob/master/DesireMC/Common/src/main/java/com/desiremc/common/collection/quad/QNVis.java  
  
All files in this folder are my intellectual property and should be taken down immediately: https://github.com/DesireMC/desiremc/tree/master/DesireMC/Common/src/main/java/com/desiremc/common  
  
**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
  
Yes, I did not find any.  
  
**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
  
No, the work is not licensed under an open source listen.  
  
**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**  
  
Repository should be made private and the user should cease use and distribution of my code.  
  
**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**  
  
[private]  
  
**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**  
  
**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**  
  
**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**  
  
**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**  
  
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**  
  
[private]  
  
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**  
  
[private]  
