**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am [private] at Broadcom who owns the Software Product released by unauthorized person, on this Github location. Broadcom is the copyright owner . Please check the link as an example .
https://github.com/mbin/bcm-sdk/blob/master/src/bcm/esw/hurricane3/field.c  
example of copyright header  

```
/*  
* $Id$  
*  
* $Copyright: (c) 2016 Broadcom.  
* Broadcom Proprietary and Confidential. All rights reserved.$  
*/  
```

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Full content of the distribution release on Github location. This location contains the Broadcom owned SDK (Switch Development Kit) Release 6.5.7.  
This entire content of the website shown below code represents Broadcom IP  
All files in this location shown in the URL is an unauthorized release.  
location is : https://github.com/mbin/bcm-sdk  

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

All files under https://github.com/mbin/bcm-sdk

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

14 forks all are illegal  

Forks  
@mbin mbin / bcm-sdk  
@Carlsoon Carlsoon / bcm-sdk  
@chendan6 chendan6 / bcm-sdk  
@disaster123 disaster123 / bcm-sdk  
@hoffer74 hoffer74 / bcm-sdk  
@icefiresnow icefiresnow / bcm-sdk  
@jaydom jaydom / bcm-sdk  
@jiaotilizi jiaotilizi / bcm-sdk  
@jingfeihu jingfeihu / bcm-sdk  
@kkkmmu kkkmmu / bcm-sdk  
@lvson lvson / bcm-sdk-6.5.7  
@mhming mhming / bcm-sdk  
@stkid stkid / bcm-sdk  
@tu-cao tu-cao / bcm-sdk  
@uestchp uestchp / bcm-sdk  

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

no open source license  
the work had Broadcom Copyright headers. 
```
/*  
* $Id$  
*  
* $Copyright: (c) 2016 Broadcom.  
* Broadcom Proprietary and Confidential. All rights reserved.$  
*/  
```

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Should be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

no information of infringer

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
