**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

The copyright ownership is specifically declared at top of each individual source file. It contains my full name as well as the name of my electronic account.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The complete git tree of the original work is mirrored on GitHub as a private repository ([private]). The code itself it used for a gaming service.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The repository (https://github.com/CheatDE/Fazon/) contains only files which literal copies of the original source repository. Each file is an exact copy of my work including my own copyright notice.
Every single file found under https://github.com/CheatDE/Fazon/blob/master/kits is a literal copy of a file found in the original source repository under [private].
There are minor differences within the files because changes were made to the original repository, which can be seen in the version history.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

I did not find any forks.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

There is no open source license attached.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

No other solution suits this case.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

I do not have their contact information.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

private telephone number: [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
