Dear Sir or Madam,  

 

We recently learned of sensitive and proprietary copyrighted Frontier data/code on your website, and respectfully request that it be removed as soon as possible. The sensitive data/code relates to SIMPL, which is a custom and proprietary application that is critical to Frontier's business operations.  Public exposure of the SIMPL source code could create an opportunity for adversaries to leverage this information to compromise Frontier’s critical business systems. Bad actors target source code to find weaknesses or undiscovered vulnerabilities in the code to exploit and gain access to systems. Knowledge of this code could also give an adversary insight into other critical Frontier business applications.

The specific Frontier information can be found at the following links:

https://github.com/borealwinter/simpl

https://github.com/stunts513/simpl

Please remove all such Frontier information from your website—including all forked repositories—and confirm once it has been removed. In the meantime, please let me know if you have any questions.

I have read and understand GitHub’s Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice. I also have a good faith belief that the use of the copyrighted materials described above is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. Thank you in advance for your attention to this matter of significant importance to Frontier.

Respectfully,  

/s/ [private]  

[private]  

[private]  

Frontier Communications Corporation

[private]  

[private]  

[private]  

[private]  
