Dear GitHub:  
  
Hello! My name is [private] and I am a faithful user of GitHub. I am sending this email to post a DCMA takedown notice regarding a illegal fork of my personal repository.  
  
   
  
Before detailing the copyrighted material, I hereby claim that I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filling a DMCA Notice.  
  
   
  
The following is the case that I want to file:  
  
   
  
I created a Repository named HTJC in GitHub, which is a personal project that I would rather keep private. Later I deleted the repository but before I did that a user named fengluandll forked the entire repository which still exists now. I have tried to contact the user but could not reach him / her.  
  
   
  
The location of the forked repository is: https://github.com/fengluandll/HTJC. The following is the screenshot of the forked repository:  
  
  
  
  
Since the repository "HTJC" contains my source code and private configuration information, I request that the forked repository fenglundll/HTJC be completely removed from GitHub as soon as possible. I apologize for the inconvenience. Thank you very much!  
  
   
  
The following is my contact information:  
  
   
  
1. My email address: [private]  
  
2. My cellphone: [private]   
  
3. My address: [private]
  
   
  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.  
  
   
  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  
  
   
  
Hopes to hear from you soon and Thanks again.  
  
   
  
[private]  
