**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

My name is [private] and I am an employee of Invision Power Services, Inc.
Several repositories that your company is storing publicly, are infringing on at least one copyright owned by my company.
The repositories in question are distributing our software, IPS Community Suite, without a legal and valid license.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

We use your service to host our own corporate repository. Look here for comparison:  
[private]    

As well, see our corporate website at:  
https://invisioncommunity.com/  
and  
https://invisioncommunity.com/forums/  

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The entire contents of each repository below must be removed.

https://github.com/Develonaut/Code_Igniter_Experiment/blob/97d2bf9f63159c3f51e535fba549e252bc5e8a74/forums/
https://github.com/q15690028/LOL-EB/blob/19b6a2f29cdcebb32fc3e8e615b2c0668c00b8e7/EloBuddy.Website/elobuddy.net/
https://github.com/mangosd1337/LoL-Hacking/blob/19b6a2f29cdcebb32fc3e8e615b2c0668c00b8e7/EloBuddy.Website/elobuddy.net/
https://github.com/Tresint/worldherb/blob/ab6cea264bf4ecd32dccaa2efae37e7441b3015b/forum/

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

I have not searched beyond the above repositories. They were noticed by one of OUR licensed customers, and reported to me in the Piracy department.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

The entire contents of EACH repository above, are our licensed and copyrighted work.
This is not open source software in ANY manner, and are in violation of our license terms.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

These repositories must be permanently removed.
Our license terms do not allow storing the software anywhere that the public can access it.
It may be stored only on the site where it is running, or on the licensee's local computer.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

I do not have any contact info. As noted above, these repositories were reported to me in the Piracy department as distributing our software.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

We do not have a corporate phone system, as all employees work from remote offices or home.

My corporate email address is [private]  

Our corporate mailing address is:
Invision Power Services, Inc.
[private]  
[private]  

My home (personal) phone number is [private] if you wish to call.

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
