Dear Sir/Madam,  
  
   
  
I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice. I, the undersigned, state that I am the authorized agent of the IPR owner ("Microsoft  
  
Corp") of certain intellectual property rights who is a Member of the BSA Business Software Alliance, Inc. (BSA), a not-for-profit organization that protects its Members' IPR pursuant to signed Powers of Attorney.  
  
   
  
BSA has determined that GitHub.com (specifically, content made available on GitHub through the link listed below) is providing access to copyrighted, nonpublic,  
  
propriety information of our member Microsoft. The access to KMS Activator is only for the agreement owner and its approved end users. These are no open ports to access these products. The links below lead to copyrighted Material pertaining to the following Microsoft products:  
  
Windows 7 TX 7-009-361  
Windows 8 -TX 7-601-008  
Windows 8.1 -TX 7-740-695  
Windows 10 -TX 8-058-526  
Windows Server 2008 TX 6-880-740  
Windows Server 2012 TX 7-622-123  
Windows Server 2016 TX 8-204-163  
Windows Server 2019 TX 8-659-104  
Microsoft Office 2010 -TX 7-219-968  
Microsoft Office 2013 TX 7-649-882  
Microsoft Office 2016 TX 8-097-602  
Microsoft Office 2019  TX 8-748-909  
   
  
All of the above are copyrighted computer programs for Microsoft.  
  
   
  
Specifically, the proprietary material in question can be found at the following link: https://github.com/CHEF-KOCH/KMS-activator/releases  
  
   
  
We have a good faith belief that the material made available on the page/link listed above has not been authorized by Microsoft, their agents, or the law for publication, listing or sale in this manner, or on your site.  
  
   
  
As such, we request that you please act expeditiously to remove or disable access to the specific pages/links described above, and thereby prevent the illegal reproduction and distribution of Microsoft content, via your company's network, pursuant to 17 U.S.C. ยง512(d).  
  
   
  
Further, BSA represents that the information in this notification is accurate and states, under penalty of perjury, that it is authorized to act in this matter on behalf of the Microsoft.  
  
   
  
We appreciate your cooperation in this matter. Please advise us regarding what actions you take. I may be contacted at:  
  
   
  
Name of IPR Owner: Microsoft Corp.  
  
Name and Title of BSA Representative: [private]    
  
Address: 20 F Street, NW, Washington, D.C. 20001  
  
Email address of IPR Owner's Agent for follow up queries: [private]  

Telephone: [private]  
  
   
  
20 F Street, NW, Suite 800  
  
Washington, DC 20001  
  
P [private]  
  
W bsa.org  
