**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, [private]

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

[private] 

TheHIVE Social Network was officially launched on the Apple App Store on October 18th.

Apple App Store URL: https://apps.apple.com/us/app/thehive-social-network/id1480835284

[private]

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

[private] original copyrighted work is TheHIVE Social Network [private]. [private] uploaded [private] source code with a few added modifications that he implemented while [private]. These modifications are: circular profile picture in search bar, report/block user, beginning implementation of push notifications, and icon changes. The rest of the code is ENTIRELY copyrighted [private], developed TheHIVE Social Network.

Apple App Store URL: https://apps.apple.com/us/app/thehive-social-network/id1480835284

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/melecrodriguez/TheHIVE-social-ios-app

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes. There are currently no forks.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No, [private] source code is not under an open source license. [private]

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The best solution for the alleged infringement is to take down [private] source code that [private] published and prevent him from uploading it anywhere on your site again.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

[private]  
[private]  
[private]

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Cell Number: [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
