**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am working in the Cisco Data Protection Incident Response team and I am authorized to act on behalf of my employer who is the copyright owner.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Internal highly confidential source code and credentials to Cisco internal resources.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL.**

The following resources contain credentials and Cisco copyright source code:

https://github.com/stealthcodersf/workspace/blob/288573503fb70c12018685894127ab43f6c5750a/PlatformUICore/CSWPlatformUI/src/main/resources/elpc.properties#L7  

https://github.com/stealthcodersf/workspace/blob/288573503fb70c12018685894127ab43f6c5750a/PlatformUICore/SSWDashboardUI /.ftppass#L10  

https://github.com/stealthcodersf/workspace/tree/288573503fb70c12018685894127ab43f6c5750a/PlatformUICore/CSWPlatformUI/src/main/java/com/cisco/software/workspace

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

No, the repository was not forked.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No, this is not open source licensed code.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Since this is a copyrighted code and internal credentials only removal is the solution here.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it.**

I do not have contact details of the owner of the repositories

**I have a good belief belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href=" https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href=" https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</ a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Phone number: [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
