Dear GitHub team,

I hope this email finds you well. My name is [private], I am a [private] at the Ministry of Interior in Qatar. I have read and understand GitHub’s guide to filling a DMCA notice. I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

We recently found two public repositories created 11 years ago, that contain code and other proprietary resources related to one of the ministry’s mobile application, Metrash2. This application provides access to a range of government services.

The contents and code contained in both repositories are not intended to be for public distribution. Therefore, we kindly request that these repositories to be taken down as soon as possible, to prevent any potential misuse or exploitation.

The repositories are:

https://github.com/ve-pavankumar/Metrash2Services  
https://github.com/rajeshvarikkol/metrah2Processors
 

If any additional clarification or documentation is required from our side please let me know. We would like to emphasize that the importance of this takedown remains confidential and is not publicly disclosed on GitHub, as the app is still active and in use.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

Please consider this email, or the attached PDF file, as a formal takedown request, whichever is more convenient for you.

Best,  
[private]  

[private]  
[private]  
Ministry of Interior  
[private]  
Phone: [private]  
