**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

Yes

**Please provide the Zendesk ticket number of your previously submitted notice. Zendesk ticket numbers are 7 digit ID numbers located in the subject line or body of your confirmation email.**

3106069

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am [private], Our company created a repository named "[private]" on GitHub in [private] ([invalid]), which contained commit and branch records primarily used for testing purposes. This system was developed by our company as Party B, providing services to Party A, LVMH. As such, the code ownership belongs to LVMH DIOR, and we did not have the authority to upload it to GitHub Public.

To mitigate any potential issues, we deleted the original repository. However, we discovered that a user named rahulyhg has forked our entire repository, which remains publicly accessible at https://github.com/rahulyhg/Dior. We kindly request your assistance in coordinating with this user to remove the forked project, or guidance on how to proceed under GitHub's policies.

We appreciate your support in this matter and look forward to resolving this issue promptly. If you need any additional information or documentation, please do not hesitate to contact me.

Thank you very much for your attention and cooperation.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

https://github.com/rahulyhg/Dior

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/rahulyhg/Dior

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, the entire project needs to be deleted.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Telephone：[private]  
email：[private]  
LVMH DIOR [private] email：[private]、[private]、[private]、[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
