While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

Yes

**Please provide the Zendesk ticket number of your previously submitted notice. Zendesk ticket numbers are 7 digit ID numbers located in the subject line or body of your confirmation email.**

3128503

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice. My name is [private], and I work for Teifi Digital. We are a leading Shopify Plus agency, working on building unified commerce on Shopify through apps, integrations and workflow improvement. I am the [private] of Teifi Digital and am writing this message on behalf of the company that our source code has been shared on the GitHub platform without authorization as a form of blackmail.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The copyrighted work is the source code of WorkMate, a Shopify App that serves to bring work orders, purchase orders, and more ERP/IMS functionalities to Shopify Admin and Shopify POS. The original repository is located at [private]. The person that is spreading our copyrighted code briefly had access to this repository while working for Teifi Digital. The person in question was dismissed as a result of fraud on his part (in particular, lying about his country of residence), after which he began threatening to distribute WorkMate. This has now materialized, previously only the frontend component was posted at [private], which was subsequently taken down, and now the full repository including git history and branches has been uploaded at https://github.com/workmate-pos/workmate. It is an exact post of our repository.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/workmate-pos/workmate  
[private]

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

Employees will go through an extensive screening procedure to validate their country of residence for all future remote workers.

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

The employee had lied about his current country of residence, and operated out of [private], instead of [private]. We had to fire this person immediately.

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, we are continuing to monitor this situation as more repositories pop up.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

Name: [private]  
Emails: [private], [private]  
[private]: [private]  
Main account: [private]  
Alt account: https://github.com/workmate-pos

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Teifi Digital BV [private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
