Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

Demand for Immediate Take-Down: Notice of Infringing Activity

 	 
Date:	21/11/2024
Case #:	[private]  
Url:	https://github.com/beingCurious/
Host IP Address: 	[private]
 

Dear Sir or Madam,

We have received information that the domain listed above, which appears to be on servers under your control, is offering unlicensed copies of, or is engaged in other unauthorized activities relating to, copyrighted works published by Elsevier, Inc.

1. Copyright work(s):

Doing Bayesian Data Analysis : A Tutorial with R, JAGS, and Stan	9780123814852  
Data Mining : Concepts and Techniques	9780128117606  
 
Copyright owner(s) or exclusive licensee:

Elsevier, Inc. 

2. Copyright infringing material or activity found at the following location(s): 

https://github.com/beingCurious/books/blob/master/docs/src/Theory/Doing-Bayesian-Data-Analysis.pdf  
https://github.com/beingCurious/books/blob/master/docs/src/Data%20Mining/Data-Mining-Concepts-and-Techniques-3rd-Edition.pdf
 

The above copyright work(s) is being made available for copying, through downloading, at the above location without authorization from the copyright owner or exclusive licensee.

3. Statement of authority:

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above as allegedly infringing is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.

We hereby give notice of these activities to you and request that you take expeditious action to remove or disable access to the material described above, and thereby prevent the illegal reproduction and distribution of this copyrighted work(s) via your company's services.

This email is not a complete statement of Elsevier, Inc.’s rights in connection with this matter, and nothing contained herein constitutes an express or implied waiver of any rights or remedies of Elsevier, Inc. in connection with this matter, all of which are expressly reserved.

We appreciate your cooperation in this matter. Please advise us regarding what actions you take.

 

Yours sincerely,  
[private]  
[private]  

On behalf of:

Elsevier, Inc.  
[private]  

E-mail: [private]  
