While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

We are [private] to Twitch Interactive, Inc. (“Twitch”).

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Twitch is a livestreaming service where community members gather to create content, and to watch, play, and chat about a wide variety of shared interests – including video games, sports, music, entertainment, and more. Each month, millions of Twitch users access this content through several available options, including the Twitch website at https://Twitch.tv and Twitch’s applications for mobile and TV devices. Twitch owns copyrights in its website and application software (“Twitch Copyrights”).

Twitch’s application software can be downloaded at the following link: https://www.twitch.tv/downloads.

The files identified below were derived from unauthorized copies of the Twitch Copyrights and/or are derivative works based on the Twitch Copyrights

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/Joguig/minixperiment-client-js

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

Twitch employs technological measures that control how users access the copyrighted content hosted on Twitch. We implement a zero trust security model with hardware device attestation and multi-factor authentication (MFA) as primary safeguards. Our copyrighted content is stored in an isolated cloud environment, leveraging GitHub’s Enterprise Amazon Machine Image (AMI) with SAML authentication as an additional security layer. Users must pass device attestation and MFA before accessing this environment. We keep our GitHub Enterprise server up-to-date and enforce least privilege access principles, ensuring users only have access to necessary resources

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

Twitch does not contend that the accused files are designed to circumvent Twitch’s technological measures under 17 U.S.C. 1201(a)(2). Twitch instead contends that the files identified above are unauthorized copies or derivative works of Twitch’s Copyrights, made following the circumvention of Twitch’s technological protection measures, and directly infringe Twitch’s Copyrights.

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

No.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
Perkins Coie LLP  
[private]  
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
