While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am [private] and the [private] and [private] of the PowerBot project. The code in the repository (https://github.com/pwrBOT/main) is my intellectual property, as evidenced by all commits being made by [private]. Additionally, my ownership is clearly stated in the legal imprint of the PowerBot website and Miami-Blue.at.

https://pwr.lol/impressum-datenschutz/  
https://miamiblue.at/impressum-datenschutz/

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The PowerBot project, which includes all code and intellectual property found in the repository, was created solely by [private]. It represents proprietary software that [private] developed and maintain. The repository was accessed and archived publicly without my consent.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The entire archived repository that contains my code, currently publicly available. Please remove the repository located at the following URLs: [https://github.com/pwrBOT / https](https://github.com/pwrBOT/https)://github.com/pwrBOT/main

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

[private] own [private] ist private, and access is limited to members of the organization with proper credentials.

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

[private] initially wanted to assist me with my project, and created the "pwrBOT" Organisation for me. But he failed to do so. We had a conflict, and as a result, I removed him from the organization. Later, we reconciled, and [private] expressed a desire to help again. As a gesture of good faith, I re-added him to the organization. To avoid further friction, I also restored his owner status, as this was his condition for rejoining. But this was my biggest mistake. However, he took advantage of this and used it to remove me from the organization entirely. All my attempts to contact him since then have failed. Now my code is publicly available in an public archive.

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, I have verified the existence of forks or replicas of my repository.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

Unfortunately, my attempts to contact the individual responsible, [private], have failed. I have no updated contact information.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
