**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

My name is [private]. I'm acting as [private] of Wurm Online and Wurm Unlimited, products of Code Club AB. The [private] of Code Club AB, [private], has authorized me to act on this on his behalf.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

https://github.com/Relvl/wurm.online.bot  

This repository contains a cheating tool (bot) for Wurm Online, one of our products. It's based on reverse engineered code from Wurm Unlimited, and redistributes those parts, which are identical to our closed off code (hosted as private at Github as well).

Example of a file that's 100% the same as what we only provide through our website, the only place we allow distribution of it at:  
https://github.com/Relvl/wurm.online.bot/blob/master/work/wurmclient.jnlp  
Original: [private]  

The original of remaining infringing code is not available for public viewing and subject to NDA, however you can see that the whole code is based on Java reflection and using parts of our code to fit it with Wurm Online binary executable files.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/Relvl/wurm.online.bot

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

No forks found

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

Our work is under closed license and the parts distributed in the repository are mostly specifically reverse engineered parts of our binary code, which is distributed only as compiled content through our website and Steam.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The repository should be removed - the whole functionality of the program depends on the copyright infringing parts of it, so reverse engineered parts of our code and our JNLP launcher file that we distribute through our website (wurmonline.com) exclusively.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

https://github.com/Relvl  
This is likely one of the players we've had to remove from our service at Wurm Online due to breaking our Terms of Service severely, as the time of the repository appearing as public has coincided with their removal, but I do not have any other contact information of the infringer that I could provide.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  

[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
