**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Part of the organization that holds the copyright to the content

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

I had created a repository "PyTorch-RetinaNet-Multitask" and took it down recently as it is copyright protected by my organization. A Github user with username "MenGuangwen-CN-0411" has forked the repository. The entire repository is owned by my organization and cannot be used by this user in any way as this infringes the copyright terms. The code infact cannot be publicly available which is why I have taken it down.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/MenGuangwen-CN-0411/PyTorch-RetinaNet-Multitask

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

I have not been able to find any other forks as of now

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

The work is not under open source license. The original repository of which this is a fork, is actually closed source and this is the reason it was taken down. Now, this forked repository is in violation of copyright laws and it needs to be taken down as well

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The repository cannot be made private, the user faces possible copyright infringement lawsuits

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

This is provided on his github profile:  
Tencent QQ user ID: [private]

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
