**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
  
Yes, I am the copyright holder.  
  
**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**  
  
The stolen code is individual and was coded for our company web portal. Google cloud informed us that they found our API key in a public REPO and for Security reason we need to act immediately.  
  
**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
  
an older version of this repo has been copied:  
[private]  
  
**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**  
  
complete repo. It belongs to us and is stolen:    
https://github.com/enachi1046/meet  
  
**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
  
Did not find any fork so far. Please check when taking down the repo.  
  
**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
  
No open source license. Our code is privat and only for employees. This user worked once for us and also signed an NDA. , he stole this code and putted it now on his public repo including our Firebase API key.  
  
**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**  
  
Repo need to be deleted completely. This user has no rights to use, share, or publish any parts of this repo code.  
  
**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**  
  
GIT: enachi1046 / Skype: [private] / e-mail: [private], [private] / Upwork: [private] / [private]    
  
**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**  
  
**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**  
  
**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**  
  
**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**  
  
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**  
  
I am the [private] of TimeZoneLimited, the company with the repo the code was stolen from.  
  
[private]  
  
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**  
  
[private]  
