**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am [private] to Verizon Communications Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively “Verizon”).

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The documents posted to this repository are both copyrighted and proprietary and confidential works belonging to Verizon (the “Verizon Works”).

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/seshasai1974/JunitSamples/blob/46d649e430c383300a7a4f029e27b658e92ac6c6/junitmavenexample/OTHAX%2054%20Retest%202.docx  
https://github.com/seshasai1974/JunitSamples/blob/46d649e430c383300a7a4f029e27b658e92ac6c6/junitmavenexample/RSS.docx  
https://github.com/seshasai1974/JunitSamples/blob/46d649e430c383300a7a4f029e27b658e92ac6c6/junitmavenexample/Reseller%20XML%20Transaction%20Reference%20Guide%20Release%20Version%2019.1.0.0.docx  
https://github.com/seshasai1974/JunitSamples/blob/46d649e430c383300a7a4f029e27b658e92ac6c6/junitmavenexample/TigerDesign.docx  

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

No.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No. The Verizon Works were neither licensed nor was permission granted to make the Verizon Works publicly available. In addition, one of the Verizon Works specifically includes a confidentiality clause in the footer of the document that prohibits unauthorized use, disclosure, or distribution of the work.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The Verizon Works must be expeditiously removed from the GitHub repository in order to amicably resolve this matter under the DMCA.  

In addition, as the Verizon Works include sensitive and confidential information, Verizon would like to investigate whether any third party accessed the Verizon Works while it was publicly accessible on GitHub. We respectfully request that GitHub take whatever steps are necessary and available to preserve any access logs that could reveal whether a third party accessed the Verizon Works and provide Verizon with a copy of those logs.  

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No. The Verizon Works were posted to GitHub by the user "seshasai1974", who we have attempted to identify without success.  

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
Marketing, IP & Digital Media Law & Policy  
[private]  
T: [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
