**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I'm fully authorized to act on behalf of Beijing SenseTime Technology Development Co., Ltd., the copyright owner of the work described below.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

SenseTime owns a registered copyright named “SenseTime Mobile Face Unlock SDK Software - Android Version V1.0”in China, and the copyright registration number is 2018SR011520. SenseTime's Proprietary and confidential information has been released by a third party (Github user name: blinoff82) without authorization and put into the repository: https://github.com/blinoff82/vendor_xiaomi. However, the information is not open source, any third party has no right to the information.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/blinoff82/vendor_xiaomi/blob/9.0/ursa/proprietary/vendor/etc/camera/FACEAUTH_09B12845-60E2-4D97-9987-C3457610E8EC.lic
https://github.com/blinoff82/vendor_xiaomi/blob/9.0/ursa/proprietary/vendor/etc/camera/M_Liveness_Antispoofing_3D_Mi_4.6.0.model
https://github.com/blinoff82/vendor_xiaomi/blob/9.0/ursa/proprietary/vendor/etc/camera/M_Verify_MimicG2Pruned_Common_3.70.0.model
https://github.com/blinoff82/vendor_xiaomi/blob/9.0/beryllium/proprietary/vendor/lib/libstfaceunlockoclqcom.so

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

We have searched for forks of the allegedly infringing repositories, there is no fork found up to now.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

These source codes are not licensed under any open source license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Please help us remove all the above repositories, which infringe SenseTime's rights by reproducing substantial portions of SenseTime's internal and proprietary source codes.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

We don't have any contact information about this “blinoff82” yet, and we hope you can provide to us if you do.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Contact person: [private]  
Email: [private]  
Telephone: [private]  
Address: Unit 501, 5/F, Tower B, Science and Technology Plaza, TusPark, Haidian District, Beijing, China

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
