**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**  

I am [private] of a software engineering company called Miramar Technologies (www.miramar.tech). Our client, Capstone Logistics, has an exclusive agreement with us as the owners of the code in question.  

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  

This software manages schedules, shipping information, purchase order information, and labor information for companies that partner with Capstone Logistics in the Logistics industry. The project is large in scope and we have had a team of about 10 people working on it for more than a year.  

This is the original work in a private repo: [private]

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**  

https://github.com/marvelperseus/Angular-D3-project We are asking for this entire project to be removed. 

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  

We haven't found any others yet.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  

No, this isn't licensed under an open-source license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**  

We would please ask for removal, there are several executives at Capstone, our client, who are concerned about this code being accessible by their competitors.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**  

[private]  

We were able to find this profile, we are guessing that he doesn't have harmful intent but was rather showing a piece of D3 work as some resume, but we did not hire this person for that work, and therefore are confused at how he attained the code.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**  

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**  

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**  

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**  

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**  

[private]  
[private]  

[private]    
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**  

[private]
