**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am outside counsel to T-Mobile USA, Inc. ("TMUSA"). TMUSA is the owner of the software code in this repository, which was created as a work for hire by a vendor on its behalf.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The code in question is associated with T-Mobile's credit facility APIs, used internally to address customer credit issues and risks. It is not public, so there is no URL that we can provide to show the active code.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/harishh19/Swagger/blob/809be66c300ea085aa3b23b17b5718b2e6a0688e/Credit%20%26%20Financing/Credit/v1/Credit.json

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

It does not appear to be forked.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No. The software is internal code for TMUSA, and was a work for hire created by a vendor. It is not supposed to be publicly accessible, and its availability creates security risks.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Take down the repository.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

I do not. It appears that the repository - Harishsh19 -- is a resource from a vendor that TMUSA used several years ago. It appears that a former full-time TMUSA employee, Darshan Shivashankar (DShivas), may have posted or been the intermediary for the code.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
