**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am [private] of TISTA Science and Technology Corporation, the company that owns the source code in the following two folders of this repository:  
https://github.com/rmaheshuni121/patches  
https://github.com/rmaheshuni121/code

This repository, itself, is owned by a TISTA employee who posted the source code without authorization. The employee no longer has access to his GitHub account ( and is unable to remember which email address he used for the account). The source code is TISTA proprietary information.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

This is TISTA project source code:  
https://github.com/rmaheshuni121/patches  
https://github.com/rmaheshuni121/code

You may confirm this for yourself by reviewing this configuration file, which contains the TISTA email account from which the application sends mail:  
https://github.com/rmaheshuni121/patches/blob/1ab9f6473dcaca9199f0dfa23e08282033c45b1a/qtso-dev/configsecure/configexport%231/smtp.settings.yml

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

All files in these two folders are TISTA's proprietary information and must be removed immediately:  
https://github.com/rmaheshuni121/patches  
https://github.com/rmaheshuni121/code

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, this source code was taken from TISTA's corporate Bitbucket instance.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No, the work is not open source. It is TISTA proprietary source code. All TISTA employees, including the one in question, sign an NDA that defines TISTA proprietary information and prohibits the unauthorized use of it. The TISTA employee recognizes that he is infringing and wants the code taken down.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The files must be removed immediately. The employee did not understand that code published to GitHub was publicly viewable and never intended to make it public.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

Yes, the infringer's contact information is [private]. He still works at TISTA, but he doesn't know how to remove the infringing content on his own because he doesn't know what email address he used to set the account up.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Cell: [private]  
HQ Address: 1201 Seven Locks Road, [private], Rockville, MD 20854

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
