Before detailing the copyrighted material, I hereby claim that  I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

  I created a repository called intsmaze on GitHub in 2018。In 2020, I uploaded some code, which contained some privacy files, so I  deleted it and overwritten the commit history. But it was forked by others before deleting. I have tried to contact the user tu226 but could not reach him / her.

  https://github.com/tu226/intsmaze/tree/master/cep-storm
  https://github.com/tu226/intsmaze/tree/master/intsmaze-storm
 
  The path above contains sensitive files I care about, please delete it.

  Below are links and screenshots of GitHub:
  https://github.com/tu226/intsmaze

[private]

Since the intsmaze repository contains a lot of privacy files, I hope that GitHub will help me delete the fork of tu226 in the intsmaze repository as soon as possible, thank you very much.


Below is my contact information
Name: [private] [private]
Email: [private] [private]
Mobile number: [private]  [private]
Address: [private] [private]


I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

I hope to hear from you, thank you again.

[private]

[private]
