**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

We are a software vendor who developed a software project on contract to the copyright owner. Our contract with the our client states that they are the copyright holder.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The software is an online real estate cost analyzer, built by Forio Corporation (that's us) for CBRE (our client). As part of this work, we hosted the source code for the application on a private GitHub repository: [private]. This is the legitimate URL (controlled by Forio) and should not be removed.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

We have recently discovered that the entire source code repository has been duplicated on an anonymous, publicly facing repository. This is a verbatim copy of the Forio-developed project, copyrighted by our client CBRE.
https://github.com/jdf6632/My-First-Repo

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, I have searched for key phrases and file names from code.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

The work is not licensed under an open source license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Possession of this work by anyone not authorized by the copyright owner violates confidentiality and likely contractual agreements. It must be removed.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

I do not. The account has no name associated with it other than the the username "jdf6632". We think it's likely an ex-employee of Forio, but have not been able to identify who it is. (The initials jdf do not match anyone we know off hand).

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
