**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**   
   
Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.   
   
**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**   
   
I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.   
   
I am the [private] for my company (Cavulus) and have been directed by [private] to contact GitHub and request that our copyrighted material be removed.   
   
**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**   
   
At approximately 2:55 EST on Friday, January 10th, 2020 a Cavulus employee was logged into a new Github test account. The test account was supposed to be a part of the Cavulus Github organization, however, it was not.   
   
The Cavulus employee using the GitHub search feature searched for Cavulus and in the results saw a public repository created by [private] within a Cavulus directory. The Cavulus employee started looking through the Cavulus directory and found that there was over thirty different Cavulus repositories that should not be shared publicly. The repositories were created in December of 2015.   
   
Current Cavulus employees identified this as a possible test run by the previous employee [private] ([private]) where he copied the Cavulus repositories and did not think it was intentional. We were able to gain access to the '[private]' account and make all the repositories private.   
   
One of the repositories was forked to another account 'SQLauto'. We are requesting this forked repository to be deleted from the 'SQLauto' account.   
   
The copyrighted material is currently set as private in the [private] account. The [private] account was created with a Cavulus email address and the "Excellus" repository is currently private.   
   
The SQLauto/Excellus repository was forked from [private] repository while the [private] repository was accidently set as a public repository.   
   
The Excellus repository was part of the Cavulus corporate private repositories back in 2015, of which no longer exists.   
   
**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**   
   
The entire repository located here: https://github.com/SQLauto/Excellus   
   
**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**   
   
This is the only fork that we know of at this time.   
   
**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**   
   
No   
   
**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**   
   
Removal would be the best option   
   
**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**   
   
https://github.com/SQLauto/   
   
**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**   
   
**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**   
   
**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**   
   
**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**   
   
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**   
   
Mobile: [private]  
   
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**   
   
[private]  
