**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I, [private], swear under penalty of perjury that I am authorised to act on behalf of 505 Games the owners of the copyright or of an exclusive licence in the work(s) 'Abzu, Bloodstained Ritual of the Night, Brothers a tale of two sons, Gems of war, Last day of June, Portal Knights, Terrarria, Zumba Burn'.

It has come to my attention that the website Jits.cc is engaged in the electronic distribution of copies of these works. It is my good faith belief that the use of these works in this manner is not authorised by the copyright owner, his agent or the law. This is in clear violation of United States, European Union, and International copyright law, and I now request that you expeditiously remove this material from Jits.cc, or block or disable access to it, as required under both US and EU law.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Game titles are ''Abzu, Bloodstained Ritual of the Night, Brothers a tale of two sons, Gems of war, Last day of June, Portal Knights, Terrarria, Zumba Burn'. and the publisher is 505 Games.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

[private]  

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

N/A

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

There is no open license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

We would like all infringing content removed.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No we have no details for the user

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
