**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am [private] at Intergalactic Gaming and have been asked by the co-founders to submit a DMCA notice for our code which we have found on GitHub.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Our front-end and back-end code have been published on GitHub without consent by anyone at Intergalactic Gaming on the date that this person was removed from the company.

The repositories can be found here:  
- https://github.com/WebPro9369/IG-back-end/  
- https://github.com/WebPro9369/IG-front-end/

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The following repositories should be removed:  
- https://github.com/WebPro9369/IG-back-end/  
- https://github.com/WebPro9369/IG-front-end/

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

There are no signs of forks on GitHub, and we have performed a google search to see if the code is publically available elsewhere, with no success.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

All of the code is private and not open source.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The repository must be removed completely as this person is no longer employed by Intergalactic Gaming Ltd.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

The email address of [private] at the time of employment was [private]. The code has been published under the username WebPro9369 on GitHub. The commits available via GitHub show the username WebPro9396, while in our private repository we can see the commits were made by [private] ([private]).

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

"I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice."

email: [private]  
tel: [private]  
company address: [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
