**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
  
Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.  
  
**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**  
  
I created a powershell killswitch titled EmoCrash. This killswitch was an original exploit for Emotet that crashes it instantly. Under US Copyright law, my company is the copyright holder.  
  
**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
  
https://github.com/payozon/Defense/blob/master/emocrash This was distributed under TLP:Green with the caveat that it cannot be published. However, the user payozon uploaded this script to Github, removing the TLP markings. However, they did not strip out my name from the script. Additionally, payozon slapped their own license on top without my permission, or the express permission of Binary Defense  
  
Authors: [private], Binary Defense    
  
**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**  
  
https://github.com/payozon/Defense/blob/master/emocrash  
  
**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
  
There are no forks currently  
  
**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
  
It is not licensed under an open source license.  
  
**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**  
  
The best solution is for the repository to be made private.  
  
**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**  
  
I do not.  
  
**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**  
  
**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**  
  
**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**  
  
**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**  
  
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**  
  
[private]  
  
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**  
  
[private]  
