**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

The copyrighted works are owned by Cisco Technology, Inc. and licensed to its parent company, Cisco Systems, Inc. and/or affiliates via intercompany agreements. (hereinafter collectively “Cisco”) As Senior Data Protection Incident Investigator for the Cisco Infosec Data Protection team, I am authorized to act on behalf of Cisco.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The copyrighted works are scripts authored by employees of Cisco, which owns the copyrights in such works of authorship. The copyrighted works are internal scripts used for a variety of functions, including, but not limited to, automation for Cisco CDETS (Software Bug Toolkit), mailing in internal Cisco mail servers, configuration of Cisco mailing service, and use in Cisco Labs, Cisco Docs, and a Cisco API. Because the scripts are internal, the works are proprietary and not published or posted online by the copyright owner. The infringing files posted on Github are direct, literal copies of Cisco’s works of authorship.

Please note that the scripts posted on GitHub are software code protected by copyright as works of authorship and therefore GitHub’s DMCA Takedown Policy applies. GitHub’s Sensitive Data Removal Policy does not apply because the files posted on GitHub are protected by copyright (in addition to being confidential, internal, and unpublished works of authorship).

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/nithyadhanapal/Code-world/blob/master/Learning/CDETAutomation/CDET.py#L62

https://github.com/nithyadhanapal/Code-world/blob/master/Learning/PCT/projects/apollo/conftest/conftest_apollo.py

https://github.com/nithyadhanapal/Code-world/blob/master/Learning/PCT/projects/get_lab/conftest/conftest_box1_slot4.py

https://github.com/Balasundararao/dockeree/blob/ba74ba969c7b9c653656174ae56fa3e1f5391b5d/Node_Docker/app_server/notification/notification_service.js#L603

https://github.com/kevinwestford1973/cpe-l3-db/blob/64aa6ae5e2f79e461fdee09620e99a8ae575df2f/cpe_service.go

https://github.com/kevinwestford1973/dhcp-shim/blob/master/icpi_socket.h

https://github.com/Balasundararao/dockeree/blob/ba74ba969c7b9c653656174ae56fa3e1f5391b5d/Node_Docker/app_server/notification/notification_service.js#L603

https://github.com/xcipi/vulnCheck/blob/85b5b4237d4dd275e36d6b6e772a51dd38f183f9/conf/config.yaml#L2-L3

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, I searched for forks but I didn't find any forks.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No. The copyright owner does not license the works under an open source license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The best solution for the infringement is removal of the files. The infringing files are direct, literal copies of Cisco’s works of authorship and therefore changes cannot be made to make them non-infringing. The files should be removed and not made private.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No, the copyright owner does not know the identity of the infringing party.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
