**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**  

I created a project for a course with no license for distribution of the work or derivative work.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  

The original copyrighted work is private and cannot be released, so to best describe the original work, it contains a course project for implementing a channel synchronization primitive in C. The original work contains the starter code, a set of tests for evaluating the project, infrastructure for building and executing the code, and a pdf handout that describes the various parts of the project. The original work includes the following files, most of which match the students' infringing work:  
Makefile: Matches infringing work identically  
Vagrantfile: Matches infringing work identically  
big_graph.txt: Matches infringing work identically  
buffer.c: Matches infringing work identically  
buffer.h: Matches infringing work identically  
channel.c: The function interface and comments match infringing work, but the students have made modifications to this file to produce the derivative work  
channel.h: The function interface and comments match infringing work, but the students have made modifications to this file to produce the derivative work  
concurrencylab.pdf: Matches infringing work identically  
connected_topology.txt: Matches infringing work identically  
generate_graph.py: Matches infringing work identically  
linked_list.c: The function interface and comments match infringing work, but the students have made modifications to this file to produce the derivative work  
linked_list.h: The function interface and comments match infringing work, but the students have made modifications to this file to produce the derivative work  
random_topology.txt: Matches infringing work identically  
random_topology_1.txt: Matches infringing work identically  
run.sh: Matches infringing work identically  
stress.c: Matches infringing work identically  
stress.h: Matches infringing work identically  
test.c: Matches infringing work identically  
topology.txt: Matches infringing work identically  

The student's own work is derivative and based on the starter code, and therefore should be subject to the copyright. As there are multiple students infringing the same original work, GitHub should be able to compare these versions to see the content details before taking them down. The entire repositories/directories (linked in the corresponding question on what files should be taken down) consist of just the project and do not contain other files that the students produced themselves. All the students' work in these links are based on the original work. That is, the files that the students modified are derivative and based on the starter code, and therefore should be subject to the copyright.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**  

Repositories from multiple former students should be taken down:  
https://github.com/prateekchandra98/CMPSC-473-Concurrency-Channel  
https://github.com/sjkr012/C-programming-/tree/master/Channel  
https://github.com/Ca11me1ce/Concurrency-Channel-Lab

The entire linked repositories (directory for the second case) consist of just the assignment and do not contain other files that the students produced themselves. All the students' work in these links are based on the original work. That is, the files that the students modified are derivative and based on the starter code, and therefore should be subject to the copyright.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  

I have searched for the content and the listed repositories are the ones I was able to identify.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  

No, the work is not under an open source license. Students were explicitly told not to publicize any of this work in any publicly accessible location.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**  

Either make the repositories private or remove them. Academic integrity is a major issue, and having solutions online causes a lot of problems. As long as the code is not publicly accessible, that is fine.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**  

The first two students (prateekchandra98, sjkr012) do not have contact info listed, and I contacted the last student (Ca11me1ce) to have them make the repository private or remove them, but they have not done so yet. The most recent contact info I found is [private] for Ca11me1ce.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**  

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**  

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**  

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**  

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**  

[private]  
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**  

[private]
