**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I have a good faith belief that the source code snippets identified below (by URL) are unlawful under these laws because, among other things, they breach the copyright clause of TestDome's Terms of Use:  
https://www.testdome.com/legal/terms-of-use

Reason:  
Original content, including any solutions to original testing content are owned by TestDome Limited and are available only to our paying customers.

Files found online are our (TestDome) templates for candidates to implement their solutions in so original authorship is split for all files. But, as candidates agree to our Terms of use before taking a test where they assign ownership of their solutions to us (TestDome).

Excerpt:

Copyright  
This website contains data and information, which are protected by trademark, patent and/or copyright laws. No part of this website or our services may be published, distributed, extracted, re-utilized, or reproduced in any material form (including photocopying or storing it in any medium by electronic means and whether or not transiently or incidentally to some other use of this publication) except in accordance with separately agreed permissions or as permitted by the Copyright Designs and Patents Act 1988 or the Copyright and Rights in Databases Regulations 1997, as applicable.  
...  
Assignment  
Candidate agrees that upon completing the tests and submitting his or her answers and solutions he or she hereby assigns all rights, title and interest in and to the copyrights to the answers and solutions to the owner of the testing content ("Owner") for its exclusive use and that the Owner shall be the sole and exclusive owner of copyright and other intellectual property rights in said answers and solutions. Users and Candidates agree that the answers and solutions to the testing questions may not be reproduced or republished in any medium without the express written permission of the Owner.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

https://www.testdome.com/questions/php/numbers-to-text/11866

Since the content is behind a paywall, I can forward a screenshot of the content with the URL visible, if needed.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://gist.github.com/sjardim/7f2c2129bd82325feb721e87d8656c2d

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Removal

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Address: [private]  
Company: TestDome d.o.o.  
Email address: [private]  
Phone: [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
