**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

In 2016 Oracle acquired NetSuite and Oracle owns the NetSuite copyright.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The copyright material is code from SuiteCommerce, NetSuite ecommerce software. The code is Oracle Confidential information taken from internal Oracle resources not authorized for external distribution. We have confirmed that this our code. Please see the Oracle and NetSuite copyright notices in the URL’s below. We ask that you remove the links below immediately.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/livio96/sca_aconcagua

https://github.com/livio96/sca_aconcagua/blob/master/distro.json

https://github.com/livio96/sca_aconcagua/blob/master/jsdoc-extlayer-backend-config.json

https://github.com/livio96/sca_aconcagua/blob/master/jsdoc-extlayer-frontend-config.json

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

N/A

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No, the infringing code is not being used under an open source license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Removal is the best and only solution

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

[private]

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private] | [private]  
Phone: [private] | Fax: [private]  
Oracle Trademark & Copyright Group  
500 Oracle Parkway, [private] | Redwood Shores, CA 94065

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
