**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
  
Yes, I am the copyright holder.  
  
**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**  
  
The repository in question is an unedited unusable fork of my team's private repository. It was forked approximately 3 months ago and is still unedited without any transformative commits.  
  
**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
  
The original repository is an in-development web application for options traders. The current repo is located at [private] as private. The infringing content is a fork that is a 3 month old version of private code.  
  
**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**  
  
https://github.com/juvu/OutsmartOptions  
  
**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
  
The repository in question is a fork, but does not fall into any fair use doctrine as it requires API keys and has not been edited by the user. The developed algorithms and user interface surely falls under copyright.  
  
**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
  
No, the work is not open source.  
  
**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**  
  
If the user made significant algorithmic, server structural or front-end changes that make the fork transformative, that would resolve the issue. The user seems to be collecting multiple repositories as forks and never editing or adding commits to them. Making the repository private would not suffice.  
  
**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**  
  
No. I can only link the user's account: https://github.com/juvu/  
  
**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**  
  
**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**  
  
**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**  
  
**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**  
  
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**  
  
My telephone number is [private]    
  
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**  
  
[private]  
