March 5, 2020

Without Prejudice

By Electronic Mail

GitHub, Inc

Attn: DMCA Agent

88 Colin P Kelly Jr St

San Francisco, CA. 94107

copyright@github.com

APPLE INC.’S DMCA TAKE DOWN NOTICE (CD033806)

Dear DMCA Agent:

We are outside intellectual property counsel for Apple Inc. (“Apple” or “Copyright Owner”), the owner of certain copyright protected software identified below, which has been posted to GitHub.org without license. Please direct all future correspondence related to this matter to me.

We hereby provide notice of copyright infringement pursuant to the terms of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the “Act”). 

Copyright Owner is the owner of copyrights in the following work (the “Work”):

Apple iBooks

It has come to Copyright Owner’s attention that your service located at these repositories:

https://gist.github.com/dvschultz/3a3c4836458aceca744d

https://gist.github.com/dvschultz/2582fb6486ee755ce38e

https://gist.github.com/dvschultz/50bdf234c22d06285bf0

https://gist.github.com/dvschultz/9caba7f9058596451744

(the “Services") displays and provides access to portions of the Work material that infringe Copyright Owner’s copyrights in the Works.

The following is the infringing material accessible on the Service:



The software source code made available by the Services (an example of which is shown in the image below) constitute Apple’s source code files constituting the Work, such that the entire repository available at the Services are infringing Copyright Owner’s exclusive rights in the Works.



We have a good faith belief that the use of the Works in the material described in this letter is not authorized by Copyright Owner, any agent of Copyright Owner, or any applicable law.  The information in this notification is accurate. We swear under penalty of perjury that we are authorized to act on behalf of Copyright Owner with respect to the subject matter of this letter. 

We therefore request that you remove or disable access to the infringing material as set forth in Section 512(c)(1)(C) of the Act and pursuant to your Copyright Policy and terms of service.

Please contact the undersigned no later than one week from the date of this letter to confirm that the infringing materials have been removed or access disabled. The undersigned may be contacted at the address and email address set forth above.

The above is not an exhaustive statement of all the relevant facts and law. We expressly reserve all legal and equitable rights and remedies.

 

Very truly yours,

[private]  

Reed Smith LLP

[private]
