**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

The company I own, LeafwireDigital LTD registered in the UK, which transitioned into LeafwireDigital, LLC here in the USA, owns the websites https://www.campaigntrackly.com (marketing public facing website) + a SAAS website, https://app.campaigntrackly.com (online service allowing logged in users who have created an account and/or paid for access to automate how they create tagged links). I also own the domains campaign-trackly.com, campaigntrackly.com and leafwiredigital.com. Copyright © 2016 - 2020 Leafwire Digital, LLC. CampaignTrackly is owned and operated by Leafwire Digital LLC. All Rights Reserved - this is the text available on everyone of my web properties.

[private].

In addition to the above 2 websites, we have a devapp.campaigntrackly.com website, which is our development and staging environment website, where we build new features for our SAAS app.campaigntrackly.com

I certify that I own the websites, the knowledge, the process, the domains, I implemented the original content and original setup of the whole solution that is offering Marketers ability to automate specific tag and link traffic functions so they can save time and improve reporting.

My solution is built on Wordpress, where I have designed and built a custom and unique plugin called Leafwire that latches onto the WordPress solution and uses its user management capabilities to provide my clients with the automated functionalities. The Leafwire Plugin has been built by myself and 2 main developers. [private].

All developers that have touched my properties were hired through Upwork.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Last year, I hired through Upwork an API developer from Ukraine, [private] to add a json POST API functionality to my private Leafwire plugin, so customers can post data to their 3rd party applications. The developer claimed that [private] was very knowledgeable in API and quoted me certain amount. [private] also required that I post my plugin on Github, so he can pull and view it.

While I was trying to understand why I need the Github part, I gave [private] access to my development site - devapp.campaigntrackly.com. [private]

Instead of working within the dev environment, the API developer pulled my entire website on [private] server. [private]

[private]. Unfortunately the API developer apparently kept my entire information from the developer site and published it on github - [private] without ANY authorization and right.

[private]

Here it is:

https://github.com/milenamitova/campaign-trackly

It is EXACT replica of my devapp site. [private].

[private]. It is clear that my entire devapp content was stolen from me, lifted, posted on this account with all the secrete info/codes that I am currently using, unbeknownst to me with a malicious intent to expose me as a way of retaliation.

[private].

[private]

[private]

[private].

The API developer is the one who has proceeded without my approval to post MY ENTIRE website, [private].

[private].

[private]

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

Please take down the entire link and repository: https://github.com/milenamitova/campaign-trackly/ - it has my name and my commercial website name and all my files from dev with my secret APi keys for Google, Bitly, my whole private plugin and setup information. Because the Wordpress stack is already old - from last year and has vulnerabilities, some clients who researched us (Github appears at the top of Google Search) got scared and broke off contracts with us when they saw vulnerability notions.

Also a competitor told us he found our files on display and said they will be using them.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

I can see there is 1 fork already to that, I don't even know who owns it. [private].

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

Only the Wordpress part is licensed under Open Source. My private plugin and my content is my own and as such protected as my intellectual property.

[private].

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Look, this repository needs to be removed with all these files - it affects my business, the security of my business, my 4 years of hard work and my company's standing and future.

[private].

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

The name he goes by in Upwork is: [private]

[private].

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

My name is [private], [private] of Leafwire Digital, LLC that owns and markets CampaignTrackly. My contact info:

phone number: [private]  
email: [private]  
Company address:  
[private].

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
