**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am an [private] working for Jeppesen. Jeppesen is the commonly used, and former company name of Boeing Digital Solutions, Inc. The content to be removed is a proprietary project of Jeppesen. It appears that a former employee created and used this project directory to facilitate exchanging of code, documentation and proprietary processes with other team members, without properly securing the content or deleting the content as required by company policies. This is Jeppesen content as clearly indicating in the README.md description where it states this is a Jeppesen project.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The content to be removed is at the following URL: https://github.com/beironf/jeppesen2
As you can see the directory is labeled as "jeppesen2" indicating this is a Jeppesen project and build.
Members of the current development team have traversed the directory and identified this as Jeppesen content relating to one of our key products.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The entire repository is Jeppesen content and is clearly labled in the readme file as a Jeppesen project.
Jeppesen Project
Project members: .... (removed for privacy)

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

This was done by the current project team. The content is all related to our product and a prior development effort for that product.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

We want the content removed as having this on a public server violates our companies security policies. The individuals who put this content on GitHub were either unaware of the company security policy, or chose to ignore our policy.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

Based solely on the naming of the directory structure and team members it appears this was put on GitHub by [private].

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
Jeppesen, a Boeing company  
55 Inverness Drive East  
Englewood, CO 80112  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
