Dear GitHub,

I would like to kindly request that you take down the following code repository:

https://github.com/TrinaKat/BruinBlog

The above repository contains code, articles, and class notes that are part of a course that is being taught at the University of California, Los Angeles, and are provided to students with a license agreement that allows only private/individual copies. I explicitly disallow placing the materials somewhere publicly accessible. As such, the posting of these materials on your site is a copyright violation and a UCLA academic honesty policy violation.  

The creator of the above repository must

1.  Remove the repository and all materials in it from GitHub  
2.  Contact the instructor of the class for further instruction

to avoid any potential penalty imposed on the individual according to the university policy.

You may contact me at:

[private]  

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

The copyrighted work is listed in the above repository.

All of the material in the repository  above is under this license agreement.

All of the material must be deleted.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Sincerely,


[private]  
Computer Science Department  
University of California, Los Angeles  
