**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am the [private] of FLY I Corporation, D/B/A FLYJETS. Our code base was hacked on Microsoft and subsequently published on Github.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Entire code base (on Microsoft Azure) was broken into by Github user NickWild1209 and subsequently published by the user at https://github.com/NickWild1209/BookingSite_Csharp/tree/215daebb54c46b0e3a13db265ed9f2a315dc8488 . The FLYJETS code base is hosted online at www.flyjets.com.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The entire repository at https://github.com/NickWild1209/BookingSite_Csharp/tree/215daebb54c46b0e3a13db265ed9f2a315dc8488

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Only a master branch exists.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No. The work is copyrighted as follows: The applications were assigned the following Case Numbers by the US Copyright Office for reference: (1) 1-8660506301 covering FLYJETS Front-End Code; and (2) 1-8660506382 covering FLYJETS Back-End Code.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The best solution for the infringement is removal.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

I only have the infringer's Github user name: nickwild1209

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

My email is [private] and telephone number is [private]  

My personal github account (which I initially wrote the complaint from) is [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
