Dear Sir/Madam,

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice. I, the undersigned, state that I am the authorized agent of the IPR owner ("Microsoft Corp") of certain intellectual property rights who is a Member of the BSA Business Software Alliance, Inc. (BSA), a not-for-profit organization that protects its Members' IPR pursuant to signed Powers of Attorney.

BSA has determined that GitHub.com (specifically, content made available on GitHub through the link listed below) is allowing a user to obtain a digital entitlement for Windows 10, providing access to copyrighted, nonpublic, propriety information of our member Microsoft. 

The links below lead to copyrighted Material pertaining to the following Microsoft product:

Windows 10 -TX 8-058-526  
Specifically, the proprietary material in question can be found at the following link:

https://github.com/trungx/W10-Digital-License-Activation-Script-4

https://github.com/vyvojar/slshim/releases

This Git project allows users of the executed code to misrepresent the activation state on a device.  The code used in the Git links is used to manipulate the SLC.dll which in turn will create a genuine ticket on the device. Once the genuine ticket is available it will be sent to MS activation servers when the device is online. The MS servers will send a corresponding activation event which will render the device activated.

We have a good faith belief that the material made available on the page/link listed above has not been authorized by Microsoft, their agents, or the law for publication, listing or sale in this manner, or on your site.

As such, we request that you please act expeditiously to remove or disable access to the specific pages/links described above, and thereby prevent the illegal reproduction and distribution of Microsoft content, via your company's network, pursuant to 17 U.S.C. ยง512(d).

Further, BSA represents that the information in this notification is accurate and states, under penalty of perjury, that it is authorized to act in this matter on behalf of the Microsoft.

We appreciate your cooperation in this matter. Please advise us regarding what actions you take. I may be contacted at:

Name of IPR Owner: Microsoft Corp.

Name and Title of BSA Representative: [private]

Address: 20 F Street, NW, Washington, D.C. 20001

Email address of IPR Owner's Agent for follow up queries: [private]

Telephone: [private]

 

20 F Street, NW, Suite 800

Washington, DC 20001

P [private]

W bsa.org
