Hello Dear github:
I am a former suzhou keda [private], it is nice to be able to use Github such a professional and efficient platform, and now I have a need to be very hopefully able to get Github's support and resolution.
  
   I have read and understand Github's Guide to Filling a DCMA Notice.

I used to be created a Repositry called "[private]" in [private], which containes important keda company's source code. all contents are owned by the "苏州科达科技股份有限公司 ", Later found that before I deleted, the users named "wang-shun、pologood、wangscript007" completely forked entire Repository, and it still exists.
    The following is Github’s URL and Screenshots about out forked Repository:

[1] https://github.com/wang-shun/keda-server

[2]https://github.com/pologood/keda-server

[3]https://github.com/wangscript007/keda-server


Since upper Repository contains the company's source code, system configuration information and important algorithm, belong to the company's internal data assets, so i hope Github as soon as possible to helpus completely remove wang-shun/keda-server、pologood/keda-server、wangscript007/keda-serverand thank you very much!


The following is my former company contact information:  
Company name: 苏州科达科技股份有限公司  
My e-mail addess： [private]  
Cellphone: [private]  
Company Address：[private]  
Website：https://www.kedacom.com/cn  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, ot the law. I have taken fair use into  consideration.  
And  Also include the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right is allegedly infringed.  

Hoping for your response and thanks again.

PS: Because The Reason Why you  can't show the signatures of the previous two emails, this time i will post my signature and send it as a  attachment, so Thank you again.
