One or more repositories in this DMCA takedown notice has been processed in accordance with GitHub's prohibition on sharing unauthorized product licensing keys, software for generating unauthorized product licensing keys, and/or software for bypassing checks for product licensing keys.

You can learn more in [GitHub's Acceptable Use Policies](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/github-acceptable-use-policies).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Brand Protection Agent

Under penalty of perjury, I hereby certify that the following statements are true and the information provided above is accurate at the time of delivery:

1. I have a good faith belief that the content described above has been uploaded, published, displayed or distributed in a manner that was not authorised by the IP Owner, its agent, or the law; and  
2. I am the owner, or an agent authorised to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed ('IP Owner')

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Original software - https://www.adobe.com/uk/products/photoshop.html  
The offer is in violation of an enforceable licence agreement. Nature of infringement: The plugin enables users to bypass Adobe´s licensing checks and manipulates Adobe´s scripts and code. Please, remove the infringing content. It is an unlawful infringement of Adobe Incorporated Intellectual Property Rights

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/NGLEmp/NGLEmp

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

Named licenses require periodic Internet connectivity. Computers must connect to Adobe servers for initial activation, and then at least once every 30 days - Adobe's online authentication system.

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

This plugin enables users to bypass Adobe´s licensing checks and manipulates Adobe´s scripts and code.

The offer in question is an offline license enabler for Photoshop as promoted in the offer description (please see the screenshot attached below). Official Photoshop licenses require intermittent Internet connectivity, which means computers must connect to Adobe servers for initial activation, and then at least once every 30 days - Adobe's online authentication system. As the plugin promoted on GitHub does not require internet connectivity, this means it enables users to bypass Adobe´s licensing checks and manipulates Adobe´s scripts and code. It is an unlawful infringement of Adobe Incorporated Intellectual Property Rights. Please, remove the infringing content. We highly appreciate your cooperation on this matter. 

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

No

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
