Hello Dear Github:  
We Are   

CCS Soft Inc.It is nice to be able to use Github such a professional and efficient platform, and now we have a need to be very hopefully able to get Github's support and resolution.

We have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

Our company created a Repositories called "[private]" in last five year, which containedcreators, contents and company name are all owned by the company.Later found that before we deleted,the user named zggcd completely forked our entire Repository,and it still exists. Tianxun Ruida Communication Technology Inc. is the predecessor of CCS Soft Inc.

https://github.com/zggcd/someCode 

The following is Github's URL and Screenshots about our forked..Repository :


Since [private] contains the company's important source code, algorithm and system configuration information, belonging to the company's internal data assets, so we hope Github as soon as possible to help us completely remove zggcd/SmoeCode and thank you very much!

The following is our contact information:  
Company Name:CCS Soft Inc.  
My e-mail Address: [private] Cellphone: [private]  
Company Address: [private] [private].Website: http://www.ccssoft.com.cn

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials describedabove on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner,or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration".  
AND "Also include the following statement:"I swear, under penalty ofperjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am thecopyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Hoping for your response,and thanks again.

[private]
