**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I'm sending this request as a [private] in teamLab, a company established in [private] (company registration [private]). The code I'm claiming was written by teamLab and we have the copyright of the code. The code was uploaded without our approval and we assert that this upload is violating our copyright. Therefore, I'm sending the takedown notice to protect our rights.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The original copyrighted work is the source code for the ‘Resona Group app’ Android app.
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=jp.co.resona_gr.ss.SmartApp.  
The code was made under the contract for the entrusted software development between teamLab and its client. Unfortunately, we don't have any available material on github to provide for this purpose.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

I hope you remove the whole repository in the URL below.  
URL: https://github.com/diffusion2008/apkf16bbe07

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

As far as we searched, there were no forks or diverted items made from the code in the repository.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

We do not have the infringer's contact info.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]. ([private])  
[private]  
[private]

telephone number  
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
