While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am the [private] of a software known as 'PCL2' or 'Plain Craft Launcher 2' which is a game launcher.

This is the private repository code for the software: [private]  
This repository was created by [private] account ([private]) and has been active for several years, with 1,327 Commits so far, which is enough to prove [private] authorship.

If this is not enough to prove that [private] am the [private], you can see this file from the repository: [private]  
This file is [private] avatar, and the file name "[private]" is [private] GitHub username.

Also, in line 21 of the About page [private], it says The author is "[private]", which is [private] GitHub nickname.

I can also upload other supporting documentation, so feel free if you need it.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The copyrighted work is a proprietary game launcher. The original software is written in Visual Basic and is not available publicly to download or view. The material posted online is a decompiled and deobfuscated version of our software which was obtained by breaking our terms of service.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

I would like the entire repository as well as any and all forks that relate to or are similar to the URLs and files mentioned here.  
https://github.com/Steesha/PCL2_Full  
https://github.com/MournInk/PCL2-Code  
https://github.com/phishinqi/PCL2_Full  

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

The released version of the software uses obfuscation and anti-decompilation techniques.

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

This repository has been explicitly written out in the name of this folder as "完整版(反混淆)_带未开源部分", which translates to "Full Version (Anti-Obfuscation)_with_Private_Part" in English.  
The material posted online is a decompiled and deobfuscated version of our software which was obtained by breaking our terms of service.
https://github.com/Steesha/PCL2_Full/tree/master/pcl2_%E6%BA%90%E7%A0%81_%E5%AE%8C%E6%95%B4%E7%89%88(%E5%8F%8D%E6%B7%B7%E6%B7%86)_%E5%B8%A6%E6%9C%AA%E5%BC%80%E6%BA%90%E9%83%A8%E5%88%86

You can also see clear traces of decompiling in these files.  
https://github.com/Steesha/PCL2_Full/blob/master/pcl2_%E6%BA%90%E7%A0%81_%E5%AE%8C%E6%95%B4%E7%89%88(%E5%8F%8D%E6%B7%B7%E6%B7%86)_%E5%B8%A6%E6%9C%AA%E5%BC%80%E6%BA%90%E9%83%A8%E5%88%86/Plain%20Craft%20Launcher%202/Class0.cs

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

https://github.com/Steesha/PCL2_Full  
https://github.com/MournInk/PCL2-Code  
https://github.com/phishinqi/PCL2_Full  

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
[private]  
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
