Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

We are writing on behalf of Health Care Service Corporation, a Mutual Legal Reserve Company (“HCSC”), and an independent licensee of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association (“BCBSA”). HCSC is the largest customer-owned health insurer in the United States serving nearly 17 million members.

HCSC recently discovered that a [private] posted copyrighted code to Github that contains subscriber member and claim numbers (“HCSC Code”). See https://github.com/faeezshaikh/AngularJS-Bootstrap-JQuery-project/blob/master/app/controllers/faeezcontroller.js. The HCSC Code, which was developed by the [private] during the scope of his [private], is a work made for hire and exclusively owned by HCSC. As the owner of the copyright in the HCSC Code, HCSC has, among other exclusive rights, the right to reproduce, distribute and/or publicly display the HCSC Code, and to authorize the reproduction, distribution, and/or public display of the same. 17 U.S.C. § 106 (1976).

HCSC has not authorized the posting, copying or use of the HCSC Code, or any portions thereof, on GitHub, nor has it allowed any other person or entity to do so. Consequently, the unauthorized posting, copying, and use of the HCSC Code on Github—which is readily accessible to, and seen by, consumers in the United States—is unlawful and infringes upon the intellectual property rights of HCSC. The unauthorized use of the HCSC Code is also express violation of GitHub’s Acceptable Use Policies, which prohibit content that infringes any proprietary right of any party.

Based on the foregoing, and pursuant to Section 512(c) of the Copyright Act and GitHub’s Acceptable Use Policies, HCSC hereby requests that GitHub immediately takedown and cease supporting the display of the HCSC Code located at the following URL: https://github.com/faeezshaikh/AngularJS-Bootstrap-JQuery-project/blob/master/app/controllers/faeezcontroller.js.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The HSCS Code identified herein that is exclusively owned by Health Care Service Corporation.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/faeezshaikh/AngularJS-Bootstrap-JQuery-project/blob/master/app/controllers/faeezcontroller.js

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

The URL identified herein is the only infringing file that we are seeking to have removed.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

/[private]/
