**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

We are FAW Toyota Motor Sales Co., Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of FAW Toyota Motor Co., Ltd.("FAW Toyota"), which is a joint venture between FAW Group and Toyota in [private], abbreviated as FTMS (“一汽丰田” in Chinese). Our main business is car sales. We also provide on-line car ordering, car purchase and other services.  
In 2019, we cooperated with several local enterprises on employee purchasing promotion, and held propaganda on the Internet. All materials, codes, and other IT assets related belonged to FTMS, thus is we fully own the relevant copyright. This promotional activity ended and went offline at the end of 2019.  
In our recent security investigation, it was discovered that a user with the account "[private]" uploaded some sensitive information related to our business on Github, and a copy was generated by the user "visionzll" at "https://github.com/visionzll/-h5". The link contains our business content and is open to the public without our authorization . Such unauthorized public exposure of related business content violates our copyright.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The copy of "https://github.com/visionzll/-h5" has infringed our copyright.  
1. The following is the proof of copyright ownership:  
(1) The title of this copy is “一汽丰田大客户h5”（"FAW Toyota Key Customer h5"）, and all 18 HTML pages are titled “一汽丰田”("FAW Toyota"). The page displays other business entities that have business cooperation with FTMS, indicating that it is an H5 interface for marketing promotion related to FAW Toyota's key customer business. For example,  
[private]  
(2) This copy uses the main visual elements of “一汽丰田” and "TOYOTA" in many places. For details: “[private]”, “[private]”  
(3) This copy uses our viechles in many places, including text description and image display, including “荣放”, “皇冠”,“卡罗拉双擎”,etc, such as  
<li><span>·</span>RAV4 荣放 立减3000元</li>  
<li><span>·</span>CROWN 皇冠 立减5000元</li>  
<li><span>·</span>IZOA 奕泽 立减3000元</li>  
<li><span>·</span>COROLLA 卡罗拉 立减1000元</li>  
<li><span>·</span>卡罗拉双擎 立减1000元</li>  
<li><span>·</span>VIOS威驰/FS立减1000元</li>  
<li><span>·</span>卡罗拉双擎E+立减5000元</li>  

(4) This copy links to lots of service of API in our domain name "ftms.com.cn", for example    
[private]   

None of the above code and elements were authorized by FTMS (or other entities involved), so we believe the copy has infringed our solid copyright.  

2.The hazards of such copyright infringement:    
（1）Without the authorization of our company, the copy displays the vision, product, and promotion information of our master, violates our brand and reputation, and may mislead relevant users and threaten the normal operation of our company.    
(2) Without the authorization of our company, the copy reveals the version of the middleware of FTMS website, which may threaten cyber security of FTMS.
(3) Large number of clicks which are meant to collect names, mobile phone numbers and other personal sensitive data from employees of well-known enterprise, even from the public exist in this copy . The improper use of this copy can cause bad events such as fishing. For example,
1. [private]  

In addition, FTMS is not involved in any possible illegal inducement activities such as fishing sensitive data related to this copy.

3.Authorization description  
In view of the GitHub user “visionzll” infringed our cppyright, FTMS authorizes Github user "[private]" to communicate with Github to deal with the infringing behavior .  
"[private]" is regitered by [private], an employee of the Digital Information Department, New Business Division of FTMS , with email "[private]". The authorization time is from [private] to [private].

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

Through the above proof of ownership, it fully demonstrates our ownership of materials in the relevant links. The public dissemination of the relevant materials is a serious infringement on FAW Toyota, affecting our business and even threatening public interests.  
Please stop spreading and delete the infringing content on Github immediately, including but not limited to:  
① Delete data at any location related to"https://github.com/visionzll/-h5" such as website, management system or database.  
② Stop all fork or distribution of this copy on Github, and delete all copies if exist.  

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

No.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
