I am an agent authorised to act on behalf of the owner of intellectual
property rights. The intellectual property rights include the
copyright in and the rights to broadcast the Bangladesh tour of India
2024 (“Series”) organised under the auspices of the Board of Control
for Cricket in [private] (“BCCI”). These rights include, without
limitation, TV Live Broadcast Rights and TV Highlights Rights, Mobile
Rights and Internet Rights for Live, Deferred, Delayed broadcasts and
Highlights for all matches of the Series (“Matches”) on television and
on the Internet (“Exclusive Rights”). These Exclusive Rights originate
with the BCCI, and the BCCI and its authorised licensees are entitled
to enforce these rights. For your information, these Exclusive Rights
have been granted to Viacom18 Media Private Limited (“Viacom18”) in
the territory of [private] (“Territory”).

Proprietary audio-visual footage and production content relating to
the Matches (“Copyrighted Content”) will be transmitted with license
and authorisation on various platforms from India by Viacom18 in the
Territory.

The Copyrighted Content has been identified and is accessible, as of
the date of this notice, at the following URLs:

https://anshumax107.github.io/sports18hd/  
[invalid]

The Copyrighted Content is hosted, without licence, on the following
IP address: [private]

Please immediately disable access to the streams and URLs listed above
and suspend them from your servers to prevent continued violation of
the Exclusive Rights referred to above.

Please also take appropriate action against the account holder for
repeat infringements under your Abuse Policy/Terms of Service
Agreement.

I have a good faith belief that the use of the Copyrighted Content as
described above is not authorised by the copyright owner, its agent,
or the law.

I understand that this notice may lead to the termination of the user
account and URLs associated with the infringements detailed above.

Your immediate acknowledgement and action are solicited with respect
to this notice.

I may be contacted via e-mail at [private], via fax
on [private], or at BCCI Rights, [private], [private], [private] in relation to
this notice.

I swear, under the penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notice is accurate and that I am authorised to act on behalf of the
owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

BCCI reserves all its rights in this matter.

// [private] //

[private], [private]  
Designation: [private]
