**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am an attorney with REED SMITH LLP representing Apple Inc, the Copyright Owner, in various intellectual property matters and am authorized to act on Apple Inc.' behalf in this matter (CD034628).

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The source code available at the URL identified in the response to the next question is Copyright Owner's proprietary internal copyright protected source code that Copyright Owner does not make available or distribute outside of Copyright Owner's internal business. This software is being made available at the URLs below without license.

https://github.com/Ravikharatmal/MyGitRepo/blob/f86ee979ebd7a7e19f2630e1d502a33d690fef48/MyProjects/MyProjects/Unix/eai/PS_Process_Monitor_Seq_Prov/config.properties  
https://github.com/Ravikharatmal/MyGitRepo/blob/f86ee979ebd7a7e19f2630e1d502a33d690fef48/MyProjects/MyProjects/Unix/eai/Shell_SQLPLUS_sub_Stagnancy/conf/config_variables.properties  
https://github.com/Ravikharatmal/MyGitRepo/blob/f86ee979ebd7a7e19f2630e1d502a33d690fef48/MyProjects/MyProjects/Unix/commands.txt

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The files located at these URL's

https://github.com/Ravikharatmal/MyGitRepo/blob/f86ee979ebd7a7e19f2630e1d502a33d690fef48/MyProjects/MyProjects/Unix/eai/PS_Process_Monitor_Seq_Prov/config.properties  
https://github.com/Ravikharatmal/MyGitRepo/blob/f86ee979ebd7a7e19f2630e1d502a33d690fef48/MyProjects/MyProjects/Unix/eai/Shell_SQLPLUS_sub_Stagnancy/conf/config_variables.properties  
https://github.com/Ravikharatmal/MyGitRepo/blob/f86ee979ebd7a7e19f2630e1d502a33d690fef48/MyProjects/MyProjects/Unix/commands.txt

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

N/A

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

N/A

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Please remove or disable access to the content.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

N/A

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private], Reed Smith Centre, 225 Fifth Ave Pittsburgh PA 15222

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]



