**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am [private] of a closed-source project named emmVRC

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

emmVRC is currently a closed-source project. The repository in question is decompiled code uploaded to GitHub. Furthermore, this is a fork of a repository I have already issued a DMCA takedown request for, which was taken down just today.  
Additionally, I would like to note that in the repo's 'readme.md', the author points out how it will "probably get taken down", and to "save it while you can". This clearly indicates that they understand they are infringing our copyrighted content.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/linux-witch/EmmVRC

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

There are currently no forks of this project, however it is a fork itself. If possible, I would like to request that any forks of this repo created between the time this is submitted, and accepted, be taken down as well. Though I will submit new requests if that is required.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

emmVRC is a closed-source project

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

I request that the repository be taken down

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

Besides the user's GitHub account, I do not have any contact with this user.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
