**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am an employee of FraudWatch International and we are an authorized representative of MGM Macau. Please contact us if you would like us to provide the letter if authorisation.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

[Incident#LGZ-597237]  
TAKEDOWN NOTICE PURSUANT TO THE DIGITAL MILLENNIUM COPYRIGHT ACT OF 1998  
Dear Sir or Madam,

This is a notice in accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 requesting that you cease to provide access to copyrighted material.

The infringing material is located at the following URLs:  
https://github.com/xianludh/APP/tree/df043a137aad12b4224c69abd672ddbed84f02d5/mgm

The original material is located at the following URLs:  
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mgmresorts.mgmresorts

Contact information:  
[private]  
FraudWatch Security  
Mailing address: [private]    
Telephone number: [private]  
Fax number: [private]  
E-mail address: [private]  

Copyright Owner:  
MGM Macau

I have a good faith belief that the use of the copyrighted material in the manner reported is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.

I swear that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that I am the copyright owner or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Electronic Signature: [private]

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/xianludh/APP/tree/df043a137aad12b4224c69abd672ddbed84f02d5/mgm

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

No.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

The work is NOT licensed under an open source license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Please remove the infringing material from your website all toghether.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

MGM Resorts International  
Address 3600 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, Nevada 89109, U.S.A.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  

Telephone number: [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
