To whom it may concern,
 
This is Security Team of WeDoctor Group, China.
 
Recently, we noticed one Github repository contains sensitive information of our company.
 
After reading and understanding GIthub's Guide to filing a DMCA Notice, we decide to send this message. And we appreciate very much for your help and support.
 
Our company staff created a repository named "JDI-example" on Jul 23 at 2018. Unfortunately, this repository contained sensitive information such as creators, contents, domain, login user and passwords.
 
All these information is owned by Wedoctor Group. We have tried to contact the user, but with no response. This cannot be controlled by our side.
 
The URL of the repository is shown as follows:  
https://github.com/98DE9E1F/JDI-example

 
 
Since the repository contains critical source code and sensitive credential information of our company, we do hope Github could help us completely remove the repository "98DE9E1F/JDI-example".
 
 
The following is our contact information:  
Website: https://www.guahao.com  https://im.wedoctor.com/en_US/  
Address: 13th, Building B, Qidi Road, Xiaoshan City, Hangzhou City, Zhejiang Province, China  
My Cellphone: [private]  
My email: [private]
 
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.
 
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
 
Looking forward to your reply. Thanks a lot!
 
 
  
  
Best regards,  
[private]



---------------------------------------------------------------------
[private]  
WeDoctor Cloud Business Group—Technical Support Center  
WeDoc Cloud (Hangzhou) Holdings Co., Ltd.  
Email: [private]  
Address: 20th Floor, Building D, Hangzhou Bay Information Port, Xiaoshan District, Hangzhou
