**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am the [private] of Trademark and Copyright Legal for Oracle America, Inc. ("Oracle"), the copyright owner.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

https://github.com/rajeshghourvani/assessor/  
Oracle is the copyright owner of all code in the repository. All files in the repository /assessor/ are code belonging to Oracle developed by Oracle for our customer the Los Angeles County Assessor (LACA). This code was created under private contract and is not made available publicly by Oracle or our customer LACA at any URL, other than this infringing repository in [private]'s account on GitHub, and a fork, github.com/saisirisha1835/assessor. If GitHub Oracle to provide an affidavit of ownership to facilitate this takedown, please contact me by email or by phone and we will do so immediately.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/rajeshghourvani/assessor/  
Entire repository

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes

saisirisha1835 /assessor is an infringing fork and should also be taken down.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The best solution is for the files to be removed, because the person who controls the repository, [private], is no longer associated with the project during which this this code was generated. He did not, and does not now, have any rights or authorization permitting use or distribution of the code.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Thank you, GitHub team members, for your assistance.  
[private]  
Please leave a message with a return number so that I can return your call from my personal mobile phone.  
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
