**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am an employee of CodeHS: https://codehs.com

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The folders on the repository corresponds to the lessons in the CodeHS Intro to Computer Science in Python course. Here is a link to the course modules (click Browse next to any module to see a breakdown of lessons and exercises)

Starting with Basic Python and Console Interaction, this repository posts answers that violate our Terms of Use. Additionally, teachers are reporting that students are using to cheat, which undermines academic integrity for students learning computer science.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/Ser0n-ath/CodeHS-Intro_To_Computer_Science-Answers-Python/tree/master/CodeHs

Each folder / file on this repository corresponds to lessons and individual assignments within CodeHS Python.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

I have inspected all folders/files on this repository and they all violate the CodeHS Acceptable Use and Conduct as well as Terms of Use policies.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

The files are in violation of the CodeHS Terms of Use: https://codehs.com/terms

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The repository can be made private as long as the URL is not able to be shared or viewed by anyone other than the owner.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

I do not have this information.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

The CodeHS office phone number is: [private] but preferred contact is email, [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
