**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Temujin Labs, Inc. d/b/a Findora is the author and owner of the copyrights in the source code that has been posted at https://gist.github.com/ben-a-fisch/f8d4085d83829f663aed83c5ef058aaf#file-findora-export-control. I am an employee of Findora and I am authorized by Findora to act on its behalf in this matter. I have read and understand GitHub’s Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Temujin Labs, Inc. d/b/a Findora is the author and owner of the code for the Findora Ledger, a financial services system that is based on an authenticated data structure and blockchain technology. The Findora Ledger stores cryptographic objects that allow users with access to verify records of transactions and prove qualifications without revealing personal information. The Findora system is composed of several subsystems, including the Findora Platform, Findora Zei Cryptographic Algorithm Library, and a JavaScript Wallet Library. The Findora Platform includes the Ledger and related utilities. The Findora Zei Cryptographic Algorithm Library, while not exposed directly to Platform users, is used to implement all the cryptographic operations the Platform supports.
All of the code posted as the “Findora repo” at https://gist.github.com/ben-a-fisch/f8d4085d83829f663aed83c5ef058aaf#file-findora-export-control is a direct, literal copy of the Findora Ledger code, including the Zei Cryptography library code, authored and owned by Findora. This code is proprietary to Findora and contains trade secrets. Findora has never licensed the Findora Ledger code under an open source license.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

Please remove all of the files posted as the “Findora repo” at https://gist.github.com/ben-a-fisch/f8d4085d83829f663aed83c5ef058aaf#file-findora-export-control. The files are as follows:  
• findora-export-control  
• platform.zip  
• platform2.zip  
• platform3.zip  
• Tools.zip  
• Tools2.zip  
• Tools3.zip  
• Zei.zip  
• Zei1.zip  
• Zei3.zip  

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, we have searched and have not found any forks. This is the only repository we have found.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No, the copyright owner Findora has never licensed the ledger code under an open source license, or authorized the licensing of such code under an open source license. The alleged infringer (listed below) purported to license the code under an open source license, but was not properly authorized to do so, and did not follow proper procedures to create such a license in any event.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The best solution is removal of all the code posted as the “Findora repo” at https://gist.github.com/ben-a-fisch/f8d4085d83829f663aed83c5ef058aaf#file-findora-export-control.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

Yes, the infringer’s name is [private]. [private]’s email address is [private] and his mailing address is [private] and/or [private].

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
