**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I'm the [private] of the code

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The published code was never licensed under MIT license and is private code that has been published without my prior consent. The code shouldn't be published as it violates other users rights, including the company's rights of OnePlus. This code can also harm many smartphone owners as it allows to build fake firmware packages for the devices of the Vendor Oneplus / Oppo.

The code in https://github.com/xiofee/op8t_ops_extract/blob/master/op8t_ops_extract.py was written by myself. The code was published without my consent and under unauthorized MIT license under this url:  
https://github.com/xiofee/op8t_ops_extract

I also request to take down any forks of this code.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/xiofee/op8t_ops_extract

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

There weren't yet any forks

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No, it was published under MIT license, but it's clearly closed source and private code.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The repository can be made private, but the open source license has to be removed.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Tel.: [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
