**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**  

I am the copyright holder of phase_3/models/shaders/retro.frag.glsl (https://github.com/eccentricelephanteatingeasels/ttoff-resources/blob/master/phase_3/models/shaders/retro.frag.glsl). Most other files are copyright of either other contributors to Toontown Offline, former or present, or The Walt Disney Company, and are not covered by this claim.

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  

The copyrighted work is a shader which is intended to make the game display appear as if it is being displayed on a CRT, https://github.com/eccentricelephanteatingeasels/ttoff-resources/blob/master/phase_3/models/shaders/retro.frag.glsl.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**  

The file in question is https://github.com/eccentricelephanteatingeasels/ttoff-resources/blob/master/phase_3/models/shaders/retro.frag.glsl.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  

There do not appear to be any forks of this repository.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  

The work is not open source, and I have not agreed to release it under any such license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**  

Remove retro.frag.glsl (located at the aforementioned URL), and remove all commits from [private] or anyone else with the display name [private] from the repository history. [please redact the display name and email address]

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**  

I do not.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**  

**I have taken fair use into consideration.**  

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**  

**I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice.**  

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**  

My mailing address is as follows:  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]

I can also be reached via email at [private].

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**  

[private]
