**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

This is [private], [private] of NetEase（https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NetEase）. I am writing this email to request delete the following infringing websites.  
NetEase, Inc. (hereinafter as “NetEase”) is a Nasdaq listed company，CC (https://cc.163.com/） is a game live broadcast platform under NetEase.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The code of the above address leaked the internal chat records of NetEase employees, the internal information of the product, and the internal system of the product.Internal chat data will leak business secrets at work, and the company's code structure and system parameters will also be revealed in the chat records, which will seriously threaten the security of our products.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/wangfuli217/learn_code/blob/346732fb954eaffc2f28b6fe227e84b87074144a/md/python/gamelive%E4%B8%9A%E5%8A%A1.md  
https://github.com/wangfuli217/learn_code/blob/346732fb954eaffc2f28b6fe227e84b87074144a/md/python/gamelive%E8%B0%83%E8%AF%95.md

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

We request to delete all codes of the above address.  
You can search for the keywords Netease or CC in the above address, and you can find that the names of our company and products are abundant in the code.
In addition, the names of NetEase employees can be found in the chat records in the infringing materials, such as [private], [private]. The infringing materials upload the chat content they communicated at work, infringing commercial secrets.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

The code of the above address leaked the internal chat records of NetEase employees, the internal information of the product, and the internal system of the product.Internal chat data will leak business secrets at work, and the company's code structure and system parameters will also be revealed in the chat records, which will seriously threaten the security of our products.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Please delete the infringing materals.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

NETEASE  
No. 599 Wangshang Road  
Binjiang District, Hangzhou, China

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
