**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

New York Post owns copyright in its published newspaper, print and digital, including PDF editions. It also owns rights in its monthly insert known as Alexa.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

There are 30-days worth of New York Post digital editions (Oct 21, 2020 to Nov 21, 2020) and a file folder of Alexa PDFs at https://github.com/devesh2003/nypost-leak

Owner: devesh2003(https://github.com/devesh2003)  
Collaborators: [private]

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

All copies of the New York Post and Alexa must be removed. https://github.com/devesh2003/nypost-leak

Owner: devesh2003(https://github.com/devesh2003)  
Collaborators: [private]

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

There are no forks.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

No. Material is a copyright infringement and needs to be taken down.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
(Company address is 1211 Avenue of the Americas, NY, NY 10036, [private]).

New York Post is a property of News Corporation, NASDAQ: NWS

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
