Dear Sir/Madam,

We are writing on behalf of the Rights holder intellectual property violation under the copyright law where the below link/s (content) in question is illegally being distributed/transmitted against the exclusive rights of the copyright owner.

In light of the foregoing, we have notified the hosting site to immediately cease such unlawful activities on their websites. Since there is no response to our desist letters, without limitation, we demand that you immediately cease and desist the respective user from using your infrastructure for such unscrupulous activities.

We believe, the below information is sufficient as an evidence to our approach to the hosting site. Look forward to your earnest reply.

raw.githubusercontent.com: Server Details

IP Address: [private]

Server Location: [private]

ISP: [private]

This Notice is sent in accordance with the provisions of both the DMCA under US law, and the provisions of Indian Copyright Law.

Dear Sir/Madam,

This is to inform you of the infringement of the rights to content to which Zee Entertainment Enterprises Ltd or its group companies (i.e. ZEE) has/have rights. ZEE is a company incorporated under the laws of India and has its registered office at Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited, Continental Bldg., 135, Dr. Annie Besant Road, P.B. Marg, Worli, Mumbai - 400 018; it owns and operates several satellite channels including and broadcasts content to over 120 countries.

We write to you on behalf of ZEE, and with the authorisation of ZEE. Our details may be found on the signature page. The information contained in this notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, we represent that we are authorized to act on behalf of ZEE (Our authorization letter may be accessed below).

It has come to the Notice of ZEE that the following infringes the rights in content to which ZEE has rights online content you make accessible to users at the URL raw.githubusercontent.com.

Specifically, the content in which ZEE rights are being infringed by you include the infringement of the rights subsisting in and associated with the following programme(s) broadcast on the Channel, on the following URLs:

https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hahayussss/-_-_-/master/apk/FlixTV_4_6.apk

We have a good faith belief that your use of the Infringing Content in the manner described above of is not authorized by the copyright owner, or the law. The rights being infringed by you, among others, include copyright, trade mark rights and the broadcast reproduction rights, and may render you liable to the initiation of civil proceedings and criminal action.

If you believe you are exploiting the ZEE Content with a valid license, please provide us with full particulars of the licensors and the terms of the license for our immediate verification.

In light of your infringement of the rights subsisting in content to which ZEE has rights, we demand that:

(i) You immediately disable all access to the Infringing Content, and remove the same from your systems and all systems controlled by you;

(ii) You delete and destroy all copies of the Infringing Content, and that a senior officer of your organisation certify to the same;

(iii) You immediately cease and desist (i) promoting, selling, publishing, displaying, transmitting and/or distributing the Infringing Content in any form and in any media, medium or technologies anywhere in the world;

(iv) You provide us a written undertaking confirming the cessation of all your infringing activities in accordance with the requisitions herein within 15 days from the receipt of this Notice you, along with an account of the profits you have made by your exploitation of the Infringing Content.

ZEE vigilantly protects its intellectual property rights and reserves the right to take whatever further action it deems fit if you fail to comply with the above demands. For the avoidance of any doubt any failure to comply with this Notice may subject you to legal proceedings without further notice.

This Notice does not constitute a waiver or relinquishment of any right or remedy that ZEE may have in relation to this matter. All such rights and remedies available under the applicable law are hereby reserved accordingly.

AUTHORIZATION LETTER FOR PROOF

[private]

DIGITAL SIGNATURE FOR COPYRIGHT CLAIM

Authorized online digital content production representative for Zee Entertainment Enterprises Ltd.

[private],

Aiplex Software Private Limited,

N Cube Centre, # 91A

3rd Floor, Ideal Homes Circle

Next to Nimishambha Temple

Rajarajeshwari Nagar, Bengaluru-560 098

E-mail: [private]

Website: www.aiplex.com

Attachment(s): [private]
