Re: Notice of Infringements of Sadlier Copyrights

Dear Sir/Madam:

We write on behalf of publisher William H. Sadlier (“Sadlier”), publisher of the Sadlier-Oxford Vocabulary Workshop series by [private]. We write to provide notice of infringements under penalty of perjury pursuant to the terms of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the “Act”) and Fastly, Inc.’s Terms and Conditions.

Sadlier is the owner of copyright registrations in connection with the above mentioned series of works, including the following:

Vocabulary Workshop Answer Key to Student Level A (Reg. No. TX 3-673-960)

Vocabulary Workshop Answer Key to Student Level B (Reg. No. TX 3-673-961)

Vocabulary Workshop Answer Key to Student Level C (Reg. No. TX 3-673-962)

Vocabulary Workshop Answer Key to Student Level D (Reg. No. TX 3-673-963)

Vocabulary Workshop Answer Key to Student Level E (Reg. No. TX 3-673-958)

Vocabulary Workshop Answer Key to Student Level F (Reg. No. TX 3-673-959)

Vocabulary Workshop Answer Key to Student Level G (Reg. No. TX 4-270-688)

Vocabulary Workshop Answer Key to Student Level H (Reg. No. TX 4-270-754)

Vocabulary Workshop Level A Teacher’s Edition (Reg. No. TX-5-870-933)

Vocabulary Workshop Level B Teacher’s Edition (Reg. No. TX-5-586-404)

Vocabulary Workshop Level C Teacher’s Edition (Reg. No. TX-5-586-405)

Vocabulary Workshop Level D Teacher’s Edition (Reg. No. TX-5-870-930)

Vocabulary Workshop Level E Teacher’s Edition (Reg. No. TX-5-870-928)

Vocabulary Workshop Level G Teacher’s Edition (Reg. No. TX-5-870-929)

Vocabulary Workshop Level H Teacher’s Edition (Reg. No. TX-5-870-932)

It has come to our client’s attention that a Fastly user has posted materials that infringe Sadlier’s copyrights as outlined above. The following is a list of the infringing sites:

https://akachronix.github.io/vocab-answers/pages/unit1.html;

We have a good faith belief that the use of the material that appears at the above referenced url(s) is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or by operation of law. The information in this notification is accurate. I swear under penalty of perjury that we are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interests involved.

We therefore request, as required under the Act that Fastly, Inc. remove or disable access to the infringing materials. Please contact the undersigned no later than one week from the date of this letter to confirm that the infringing material has been removed or access disabled.

We reserve all of our client’s rights at law and equity in the interim.

Very truly yours,

[private]

www.duanemorris.com (http://www.duanemorris.com/)

[private]

Duane Morris LLP  
230 Park Avenue, Suite 1130  
New York, NY 10169-0079

P: [private]  
F: [private]  
C: [private]

E-MAIL | BIO [private] | VCARD [private]
