**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am the creator of a premium WordPress theme that I sell on this marketplace: https://themeforest.net/item/pluto-clean-personal-wordpress-masonry-blog-theme/7950280

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

It's a premium wordpress theme that is being sold on ThemeForest marketplace: https://themeforest.net/item/pluto-clean-personal-wordpress-masonry-blog-theme/7950280

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

this repository is sharing my premium wordpress theme illegally: https://github.com/RomaniukVadim/themeforest/tree/master/pluto-osetin-theme

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

This user is violating copyright for hundreds of other premium themes found on the marketplace, I would recommend you taking a closer look into that: https://github.com/RomaniukVadim/themeforest every item in that list is a premium plugin or theme

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

It's not an open source project, my theme is a premium theme that can not be resold or re-distributed

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Remove the repository

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
