To Whom It May Concern:

 

Below is the Beijing Ziroom Life Asset Managent Limited Company complaint for a GitHub, Inc. User uploaded repository that infringes on our exclusive copyrights to source code. On behalf of Ziroom Ltd, we respectfully request that the Infringing Work identified below be immediately taken down.

 

1 I have read and understand GitHub’s Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

 

2. I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.

 

https://github.com/webvul/Intelligencelock

 

3. In a recent cursory review of Github, we identified a repo of a former employee of Ziroom published source code  with sensitive information to his personal repo. We have attempted to contact the former employee using known information without success. According to employee contract signed by former employee, Ziroom owns the copyright of code written during employee's employment. If ziroom  is not the intellectual property owner of the source code, the legal responsibility arising from the deletion of the source code by GitHub will be borne by our company.

 

4. Ziroom Ltd requests the whole repository be removed as the source code is published in direct violation of copyright law

 

5. Requestor Contact Information:

 

Name: [private]

 

Tel: [private]

 

Address: Beijing Ziroom Life Asset Managent Limited Company

 

No.16 Building, Putian technology Park, #5 Jiangtai Road

 

Chaoyang District, Beijing, China

 

 

6. Alleged Infringer Contact Information: GitHub username webvul

 

7. I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

 

8. I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed

 

Best  Regards,

[private]
