**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.  
I am filing a DMCA takedown request to user aten-2001 to request that they remove the repository that they forked from my public repository on Monday, December 7th. Their repository is located here: https://github.com/aten2001/CS_8803-010.

My original repo lives here, [private]. My repo was public until I noticed that it was forked this week. My repo is a copy of my homework for graduate school. When I realized that someone had forked by repo, I become worried that someone would submit my work as their future work for school at [private]. I am currently a masters student, and this repo relates to my class taught by [private], the class is 'AI, Ethics, and Society'. I informed the class that my repository was forked. I have since made me repo private. My professor and TA would like my work to be kept private, and they would like this fork to be removed. All of the code is my own code, following the instructions set forth by the instructor. No code was provided by the professor of the class.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The forked repository lives here: https://github.com/aten2001/CS_8803-010. The repo is currently public. aten2001 has forked by repo, and my username is clearly visible on their page. This repository was forked from my repo, which is in a private repo here: [private]. This copyrighted work is my own code that I wrote for graduate school this fall 2020.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

Please remove this entire repo: https://github.com/aten2001/CS_8803-010

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, this repo is the only fork of my work. https://github.com/aten2001/CS_8803-010

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The best solution would be for all the files in the repo to be removed. Making the repository private is not enough, because my professor is worried that this user may try to submit my work as their work in the future.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No, I do not. I tried to do a pull request to contact them, and it was restricted.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
