"I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice."

 

I sent this email to GitHub because our company (IIST) discovered the "omko0o" an account on Github that shared the source code of the IIST developed each without approval by IIST. Our company did not receive any information from the "omko0o" account.

 

The source code account "omko0o" has Vietnamese name "Political work version 2", abbreviated as "CTCT2".

 

This is a project developed by IIST for customers in Vietnam, it is proprietary and not published (Internal operation and especially confidentiality).

 

So we cannot send you a certificate about the system being operated to prove it, we hope you understand.

 

Link to the illegally shared sources is https://github.com/omko0o/ctct2

This set of sources was shared on March 25, 2019, around the middle of the development of the project "CTCT2" at IIST.

 

According to IIST's assessment, entire repository is infringing on my work.

 

In this set of sources there is a comment Author is the names of the IIST's staff such as "[private]", "[private]", "[private]".

To handle this issue, we require the account "omko0o" to remove "all sources of code CTCT2" shared on Github in any form.

 

My contact information is included in my email signature.

 

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

 

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

 

Thanks & Best regards,



[private] | [private] | IIST Company Limited

Head Office: 11th Floor, Viwaseen Tower, 48 To Huu Street, Nam Tu Liem District, Hanoi City, S.R Vietnam

Branch Office: A Space Town Building, No 3, 30 Street, Ward Binh An, District 2, HCM City, S.R Vietnam

Tel: [private]     Fax: [private]

Mobile: [private] | [private] | http://iist.com.vn
