**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.  
As the Plesk [private], I represent Plesk International GmbH, Schaffhausen / Switzerland as the owner of all intellectual property (incl. IP in the source code, trademarks and copyrights) belonging to Plesk software products.  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Description of the technological measure(s) we have in place that effectively control access to your copyrighted material:  
- Our software Plesk is shipped fully encrypted and requires frequent protected communication with our license server to stay active and usable. If the encrypted and signed license key expires or communication to the license server is not feasible anymore, our software stops working.

Description of how the project is designed to circumvent your previously described technological protection measure(s).  
- Since our product Plesk is designed to be installed directly to the user’s environment, a cracker was able to use reverse engineering methods to modify the original binary files, which are protected by copyright, and bypass license protection mechanism. Also, such usage of our product is restricted by Plesk’s End-User License Agreement https://www.plesk.com/legal/.  
The mentioned GitHub project contains a cracked version of our software which allows to by-pass our license protection.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The infringed product is Plesk software, available for licensing under www.plesk.com.  
The present takedown notice is directed against cracks of our proprietary software, allowing users to use it without first obtaining a (royalty-bearing) license from Plesk.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/tuifruti54/plesk-nulled  
https://github.com/FulltronService/plesk-nulled  
https://github.com/vagdeviims75457/plesk-nulled  

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

adelezzatl / plesk-nulled  
cdprf / plesk-nulled  
dragonro / plesk-nulled  
fkplesk / plesk  
VoXaN24 / plesk  
xxxAHMEDxxx / plesk  
gakaguka / plesk-nulled  
GiaNTizmO / plesk-nulled  
[private]   
gnsc8 / plesk-nulled  
ibq00 / plesk-nulled  
cloudclassml / plesk-nulled  
ipwnosx / plesk-nulled  
abazad / plesk-nulled2  
hassy-ml / plesk-nulled  
Ishook / plesk-nulled  
kingcosta / plesk-nulled  
msfilho / plesk-nulled  
OmniL4BS / plesk-nulled  
ricefish888 / plesk-nulled  
rubidev / plesk-nulled  
talshimoni / plesk-nulled  
Witawat / plesk-nulled  
xserveraws / plesk-nulled  
yashodhank / plesk-nulled  
abazad / plesk-nulled-1  
dursuntokgoz / plesk-nulled  

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

The crack is available for direct access through your platform. We are in good belief that this might be in violation of every kind of license. Plesk is in no case licensed under open source by the rights holder.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The best solution would be a complete takedown of the code and a block of the uploading user. Making the repository private would not remedy the violation itself.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

The Repositories have been uploaded under invalid email addresses. Plesk does not have more information about the users than their usernames  
- tuifruti54  
- FulltronService  
- vagdeviims75457  
-

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Plesk International GmbH, [private]   
[private] , [private] , Phone : [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

Plesk International GmbH (represented by [private])
