**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am the [private] of Tuxera Inc, a limited liability company established under the laws of Finland. Tuxera Inc is the copyright holder. I am authorized to act on behalf of Tuxera Inc. in legal matters.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Microsoft NTFS for Mac is a proprietary file system made and developed by Tuxera Inc. More information here: https://ntfsformac.tuxera.com/ - in the infringing repository, the metadata within the .zip file contains the version string 2015.100, as well as a title Tuxera NTFS 2016-RC. It is also bundled with a "keygen".

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/tuxerantfs/tuxeratfs

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Forks have been searched for, none found.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

The original work is proprietary software and not licensed under any open source license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

We have a good faith belief that the only recourse is removal.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private] / Tuxera Inc   
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  

or

[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
