**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am writing this letter on behalf of Telstra Corporation Limited ("Telstra"). Telstra is the legal owner of copyright, which has been infringed in a GitHub product entitled “application-prod.properties” and "CreateOrder_MobileService_BYO.xml" ("Work"), at the following URLs. No one is authorized to reproduce, transmit (including broadcast), communicate, adapt, distribute, sell, modify, publish or otherwise use the Work without the prior authorization of Telstra. I have a good faith belief that the use of the Work is NOT authorized by Telstra or its agent, is unlawful activity, and is in breach of the GitHub Digital Millennium Copyright Act Policy.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

application-prod.properties code has Telstra host names and credentials:  
https://github.com/gurubabujampala/management/blob/master/database-service/src/main/resources/application-prod.properties

CreateOrder_MobileService_BYO.xml has Telstra source code:  
https://github.com/gurubabujampala/management/blob/master/order-management-service/src/test/resources/CreateOrder_MobileService_BYO.xml

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/gurubabujampala/management/blob/master/database-service/src/main/resources/application-prod.properties

https://github.com/gurubabujampala/management/blob/master/order-management-service/src/test/resources/CreateOrder_MobileService_BYO.xml

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

No forks seen

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The URLs must be immediately removed (deleted) by GitHub or the repository owner. The URLs cannot be made private, because they contain source code which is owned by Telstra and credentials for host names.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
Telstra Corporation Limited  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
