**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Trilogy Education Services, LLC, is a 2U, Inc., brand. I am [private] at 2U, Inc. and confirm that I am authorized to enforce the intellectual property rights of Trilogy Education Services by submitting this DMCA takedown notice request.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Trilogy Education Services, LLC, is a 2U, Inc., brand. Trilogy Education Services partners with universities to power skills-based boot camps in various areas, such as full-stack coding. Trilogy Education Services owns all of the intellectual property rights, including the copyright, to the curriculum for these skills-based boot camps, including the curriculum located in our [private] repository, in the [private] section: [private]. Trilogy Education Services does not publicly post its detailed curriculum any where as it is our proprietary intellectual property, the details of which would provide an unfair economic advantage to our competitors.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The proprietary curriculum of Trilogy Education Services has been posted to the following repository, which is publicly available: https://github.com/jesszabala23/TCPactivities

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

No one is forking this repository.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No, the work is not licensed under an open source license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The repository at https://github.com/jesszabala23/TCPactivities should be taken down or removed entirely from GitHub. Making the repository private would not solve the infringement as this individual does not have authority to use it.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

We have emailed this individual twice asking them to remove this information from their repository; once, on November 13 and again on November 17. To date, we have not received a response to our requests. Their email address is [private].

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private], 2U, Inc.
