**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Our company, AXUR, represents EDENRED in issues involving the violation of intellectual property and fraud on the Internet.

EDENRED is the only company authorized to use the trademark Ticket and owns or licenses numerous trademark registrations worldwide INPI: 6592546 820585076.

The trademarks, logos, words and phrases registered by EDENRED shall be exclusively used by EDENRED and any other use by a third party constitutes a trademark/Copyright infringement.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The code leaks all the source code for a application used by Ticket and shouldn't be available openly on the internet. You can verify the official information on http://programaservir.com.br/index.html

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/wanderleypassos/site-atn.ticket

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

No forks found.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Removal of the code file.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No contect information found.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

AXUR  
Legal Team  
[private]  
Address: 322 Mostardeiro st. - Porto Alegre - RS - Brazil  
Phone Contact: [private]  
ZIP CODE: 90430-000

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
