While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf? If you are submitting this notice on behalf of a company, please be sure to use an email address on the company's domain. If you use a personal email address for a notice submitted on behalf of a company, we may not be able to process it.**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

Yes

**Please provide the Zendesk ticket number of your previously submitted notice. Zendesk ticket numbers are 7 digit ID numbers located in the subject line or body of your confirmation email.**

3579793

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice. I want to report a security issue, of a third party that is infringing on UPS intellectual property and assets through GitHub services.  
This is in direct violation of DMCA statute, UPS Security and Compliance policies, and UPS privacy policy. These credentials are private proprietary information which permission was not given to the owner of the GitHub accounts in question to possess, distribute, or publish in any fashion. This material was created by our company and is part of our proprietary software assets.

We're submitting a direct URL for the infringing commit. While we understand the requirement for a more detailed list of infringing files/folders within the commit/repo, I have to clarify that all contents within the referenced repository are proprietary to UPS.  
Every file included in there includes explicit written disclosure in the beginning indicating that the material is confidential and intended solely for authorized personnel.
Due to this, the entire repository has unauthorized disclosure of proprietary information and must be removed in full.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed.**

The commit contains:  
- Plain text creds tied to our internal systems and services (line 56 of OmsMDCBatchConstants.java file)  
- PII of employees  
- internal URL's, service endpoints and network architecture details  
- Configuration files and code snippets that are protected under copyright law as original software authored by employees of UPS

**If the original work referenced above is available online, please provide a URL.**

[invalid]

**We ask that a DMCA takedown notice list every specific file in the repository that is infringing, unless the entire contents of the repository are infringing on your copyright. Please clearly state that the entire repository is infringing, OR provide the specific files within the repository you would like removed.**

**Based on the above, I confirm that:**

The entire repository is infringing

**Identify the full repository URL that is infringing:**

https://github.com/isunnapud/Batch.git

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

Access to our copyrighted material is tightly controlled through a combination of technological and administrative measures. These include MFA, where only authorized personnel are granted access based on job function. Network restr4iction, audit monitoring and employee agreements/policies are also in place to ensure all employees are bound by confidentiality and intellectual property agreements.

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

This exposed commit effectively bypasses our access control by exposing and publishing content - including plain text creds, proprietary source code, internal infrastructure details, and PII - that was previously secured within our internal systems.

**If you are reporting an allegedly infringing fork, please note that each fork is a distinct repository and <i>must be identified separately</i>. Please read more about <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">forks.</a> As forks may often contain different material than in the parent repository, if you believe any of the repositories or files in the forks are infringing, please list each fork URL below:**

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full name for your signature.**

[private]
