Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf? If you are submitting this notice on behalf of a company, please be sure to use an email address on the company's domain. If you use a personal email address for a notice submitted on behalf of a company, we may not be able to process it.**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

We contact you as per the instructions of our client HAK5 LLC, as their authorized agents. Enclosed, find the Letter of Authorization to act on their behalf.[private] - [private]  
Red Points’ Contact information:

Company Name: Red Points Solutions, S.L.

Name: [private]

Mailing address: [private]

Email: [private]

Phone: [private]  
**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed.**

To whom it may concern,

HAK5 LLC has a good faith belief that the following content is infringing upon their valid intellectual property rights:

Infringement type: Software/Utility Copyright Infringement

Domain: github.com

URL(s) where illegal content is located:  
https://github.com/BadException/pineapple-ar150

The repository located at https://github.com/BadException/pineapple-ar150 contains unauthorized copies and derivatives of the WiFi Pineapple firmware, including but not limited to:

Direct copies of proprietary code segments.

Unauthorized implementation of PineAP functionalities.

Distribution of modified firmware without authorization.

Identification of Copyrighted Work:

The WiFi Pineapple, developed by Hak5 LLC since 2007, is a network auditing tool featuring proprietary firmware and the patented PineAP technology [private]). The firmware includes unique code and functionalities protected under copyright law.

This firmware is proprietary and is distributed under a restricted End User License Agreement, which prohibits redistribution or modification without our express written permission.

Official Product: https://shop.hak5.org/products/wifi-pineapple

Additional Reference: https://hak5.org

The listed files:
https://github.com/BadException/pineapple-ar150/blob/master/wifi-pineapple-1.1.3-gl-ar150-sysupgrade.bin  
https://github.com/BadException/pineapple-ar150/blob/master/wifi-pineapple-2.0.2-gl-ar150-sysupgrade.bin

seem to be binary firmware images that contain/s code originating from or derived from the proprietary WiFi Pineapple firmware developed by Hak5 LLC. The WiFi Pineapple is a network auditing device designed and sold exclusively by Hak5 LLC since 2007.

Our firmware, including the unique PineAP™ technology ([private], is protected under U.S. copyright law and distributed only under strict licensing terms via our End User License Agreement (EULA). We do not authorize redistribution, modification, or public hosting of our firmware binaries on third-party platforms such as GitHub.

The unauthorized posting of this binary:

Reproduces protected firmware code;

Circumvents licensing controls;

Abuses our WiFi Pineapple mark - [private]

Facilitates unlicensed distribution of our software.

This constitutes a clear violation of our copyright and intellectual property rights.

HAK5 has a good faith belief that the content in question provides access to illegal distribution of its copyrighted software by providing access to illegal downloads, original software crack versions, key generator numbers or any other way that circumvents security tools to the original content. Therefore, the content above in detail infringes HAK5LLC intellectual property rights.

HAK5 requests you to take down or disable the infringing content accordingly and in a timely fashion.

We confirm that the information in this notification is true and accurate, and under penalty of perjury, certify that HAK5 is the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Thank you in advance for your cooperation.

Sincerely,

HAK5 LLC

hak5.org

[private]

[private]

**If the original work referenced above is available online, please provide a URL.**

https://shop.hak5.org/products/wifi-pineapple

**We ask that a DMCA takedown notice list every specific file in the repository that is infringing, unless the entire contents of the repository are infringing on your copyright. Please clearly state that the entire repository is infringing, OR provide the specific files within the repository you would like removed.**

**Based on the above, I confirm that:**

Specific files within the repository are infringing

**Identify only the specific file URLs within the repository that is infringing:**

https://github.com/BadException/pineapple-ar150/blob/master/wifi-pineapple-1.1.3-gl-ar150-sysupgrade.bin  
https://github.com/BadException/pineapple-ar150/blob/master/wifi-pineapple-2.0.2-gl-ar150-sysupgrade.bin

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

Our firmware, including the unique PineAP™ technology ([private]), is protected under U.S. copyright law and distributed only under strict licensing terms via our End User License Agreement (EULA). We do not authorize redistribution, modification, or public hosting of our firmware binaries on third-party platforms such as GitHub.

The unauthorized posting of this binary:

Reproduces protected firmware code;

Circumvents licensing controls;

Abuses our WiFi Pineapple mark - [private]

Facilitates unlicensed distribution of our software.

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

The listed files:  
https://github.com/BadException/pineapple-ar150/blob/master/wifi-pineapple-1.1.3-gl-ar150-sysupgrade.bin  
https://github.com/BadException/pineapple-ar150/blob/master/wifi-pineapple-2.0.2-gl-ar150-sysupgrade.bin

seem to be binary firmware images that contain/s code originating from or derived from the proprietary WiFi Pineapple firmware developed by Hak5 LLC. The WiFi Pineapple is a network auditing device designed and sold exclusively by Hak5 LLC since 2007.

**If you are reporting an allegedly infringing fork, please note that each fork is a distinct repository and <i>must be identified separately</i>. Please read more about <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">forks.</a> As forks may often contain different material than in the parent repository, if you believe any of the repositories or files in the forks are infringing, please list each fork URL below:**

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full name for your signature.**

[private]
