Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf? If you are submitting this notice on behalf of a company, please be sure to use an email address on the company's domain. If you use a personal email address for a notice submitted on behalf of a company, we may not be able to process it.**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

Yes

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I [private] mods (modifications) for the video game Project Zomboid- and in these modifications there are original works in the form of textures and models, programming, art, music, sound, etc.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed.**

The models and textures for 'SurvivorSupplyDrop' were taken directly from [private] organization's repository. A year or two ago when communicating with the author they became defensive, slightly modifying the files but refusing to remove them entirely. Their work was taken down from [private] but has since spawned clones 'continuing his work' directly linking his github repository here: https://github.com/LeandroTheDev/random_airdrops.

He has 'updated' his repo as recently as last month - showing continued disregard to any earlier contact.

He has never given credit, and made attempts to hide the source of the assets by slightly altering them after we've made contact.

**If the original work referenced above is available online, please provide a URL.**

https://github.com/TEHE-Studios/ExpandedHelicopterEvents/blob/41_legacy/Contents/mods/Expanded%20Helicopter%20Events/media/textures/vehicles/EHE/Vehicle_SurvivorSupplyDrop.png

https://github.com/TEHE-Studios/ExpandedHelicopterEvents/blob/41_legacy/Contents/mods/Expanded%20Helicopter%20Events/media/models_X/vehicles/Vehicle_SurvivorSupplyDrop.fbx

**We ask that a DMCA takedown notice list every specific file in the repository that is infringing, unless the entire contents of the repository are infringing on your copyright. Please clearly state that the entire repository is infringing, OR provide the specific files within the repository you would like removed.**

**Based on the above, I confirm that:**

Specific files within the repository are infringing

**Identify only the specific file URLs within the repository that is infringing:**

https://github.com/LeandroTheDev/random_airdrops/blob/main/Random%20Airdrops/42/media/textures/vehicles/Airdrop/Vehicle_airdrop.png  
https://github.com/LeandroTheDev/random_airdrops/blob/main/Random%20Airdrops/42/media/models_X/vehicles/Vehicle_airdrop.fbx

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**If you are reporting an allegedly infringing fork, please note that each fork is a distinct repository and <i>must be identified separately</i>. Please read more about <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">forks.</a> As forks may often contain different material than in the parent repository, if you believe any of the repositories or files in the forks are infringing, please list each fork URL below:**

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

Yes, the license in question is: GNU Affero General Public License v3.0

Under Section 5 of the GNU Affero General Public License v3.0, modified works must retain all copyright notices from the original work, include a copy of the license, and state the changes made. The repository in question has removed these notices and does not credit the original authors.

The repository does not include:  
    1. The original copyright notices from [private] source files.  
    2. A copy of the AGPL-3.0 license text.  
    3. Clear attribution to the original project and authors.  
    4. Identification of the changes made to the original.  


**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

To comply with the AGPL-3.0, the repository must:  
    1. Restore all copyright and attribution notices from the original work in the source code and documentation.  
    2. Include an unaltered copy of the AGPL-3.0 license text in the repository.  
    3. Clearly indicate the modifications made from the original version.  
    4. Credit the original authors in any “About,” “Credits,” or readme documentation.  


**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

Only through [private] (previously made contact and was rebuked) and here on Github (no contact was made on this platform).

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full name for your signature.**

[private]
