Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

I declare that I have read and understood GitHub's DMCA Submission Guidelines;

Complainant: Shenzhen Magic Safety Technology Co., LTD. (entrusted by BYD Company, LTD.)

Responsible person: [private], contact phone: [private];

Unit email: [private];

Address: [private] Email: [private];

Request:

（1）After investigation, our company found that some users on the open source community Github platform uploaded sensitive internal source code related to BYD. The uploaded source code documents were uploaded to Github by individuals without permission.

(2) Specific information description:

User pokeniao is in March 2025

https://github.com/pokeniao/Pkn_HostSystem/blob/209e7794752fd5a666bcd4e4979bdb7533d947e9/Pkn_HostSystem/Views/Pages/HomePage.xaml.cs

A leaked link exposed internal code repository information of BYD (Note: byd.com is BYD's registered domain name, abbreviated as byd). After verification by BYD's internal security team, the disclosed source code contains sensitive company data. This breach involves source code from operational systems, which could be exploited by attackers on public platforms at any time, potentially causing severe security incidents. We request GitHub to assist in requiring the user to delete the compromised content

https://github.com/pokeniao/Pkn_HostSystem/blob/209e7794752fd5a666bcd4e4979bdb7533d947e9/Pkn_HostSystem/Views/Pages/HomePage.xaml.cs

This warehouse.

[private]

https://github.com/pokeniao/Pkn_HostSystem/commit/25ac7e8a7cecd450142498e43e2bee149ec832d2

[private]

explain ：

（1）The above complaint documents of the warehouse seriously infringe on the rights and interests. The complaint is about BYD's internal non-public source code, which involves relevant system configuration information. Therefore, we hereby apply for the official assistance of Github to remove them in time.

（2）We hope that the above users can delete the entire warehouse provided in the appeal.

（3）We don't know who the infringers are.

（4）Previously, our company also appealed to GitHub platform to remove sensitive information. The submitted materials and leaked warehouse address are also accurate. Since the leaked content is related to internal source code information, we request GitHub to help remove it as soon as possible. Thank you very much.

 statement ：

（1）I believe that the use of the above copyrighted material on the infringing web page has been considered a reasonable use without authorization from the copyright owner, his agent or the law.

（2）Our company is the legal right holder of the complained content (with a letter of authorization attached);

（3）We hereby swear that the information in this notice is accurate and correct. We are authorized representatives of the copyright owner for the exclusive rights suspected to be infringed. If there is any falsehood, we are willing to accept the penalty of perjury.

We guarantee that the information in this notice is sufficient, true and accurate, and that we have been authorized to exercise the rights and interests specified in Item 2.

 

 

 RGDS

Github authority

Complainant (BYD):

Shenzhen Rubik's Cube Security Technology Co., LTD

Date: [private]

Signature of applicant: [private]
