Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf? If you are submitting this notice on behalf of a company, please be sure to use an email address on the company's domain. If you use a personal email address for a notice submitted on behalf of a company, we may not be able to process it.**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am the [private] and [private] of the Sora project hosted at https://github.com/cranci1/Sora. As a [private] of the Sora [private] [private], I hold copyright ownership in the modules [private] [private] [private] [private] and [private] to this open-source project.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed.**

The open source modules provided in the GitHub repo, are used by [private] app, Sora, and they are licensed under rules which doesn't allow usage outside of authorized environment and it doesn't allow commercial use. Both this agreement are not fulfilled by the app. StreamerApp allows users to use our modules in an unauthorized environment and also receiving revenues from the usage of those modules, via ADs and In-App subscriptions.

**If the original work referenced above is available online, please provide a URL.**

[private]  
[private]  

https://github.com/cranci1/SoraCore

**We ask that a DMCA takedown notice list every specific file in the repository that is infringing, unless the entire contents of the repository are infringing on your copyright. Please clearly state that the entire repository is infringing, OR provide the specific files within the repository you would like removed.**

**Based on the above, I confirm that:**

The entire repository is infringing

**Identify the full repository URL that is infringing:**

https://github.com/StreamerApp/App  
https://github.com/streamer-bot/Test

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

The introduction of SoraCore, a package similar to a DRM protection was added to the app, made open-source to prevent suspects of it being malicious code. But it was explicitly said that "Reverse engineering or bypassing protection mechanisms" is prohibited. And also says that "This means no other apps should have a method to allow Sora modules to work inside their app.".

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

They reverse engineered the method and bypassed it, allowing access to our modules.

**If you are reporting an allegedly infringing fork, please note that each fork is a distinct repository and <i>must be identified separately</i>. Please read more about <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">forks.</a> As forks may often contain different material than in the parent repository, if you believe any of the repositories or files in the forks are infringing, please list each fork URL below:**

https://github.com/mitsukaishoushi/App

**Based on the representative number of forks I have reviewed, I believe that all or most of the forks are infringing to the same extent as the parent repository.**

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

Yes

**Which license?**

other

**How do you believe the license is being violated?**

StreamerApp requires ADs or paywall to allow usage of our modules, which under the license is completely prohibited. Also they are running modules in an unauthorized environment.

Also because of SoraCore bypass.

**What changes can be made to bring the project into compliance with the license? For example, adding attribution, adding a license, making the repository private.**

By removing the option to add our modules.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full name for your signature.**

[private]
