While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf? If you are submitting this notice on behalf of a company, please be sure to use an email address on the company's domain. If you use a personal email address for a notice submitted on behalf of a company, we may not be able to process it.**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am [private] for Vector Informatik GmbH (“Vector”), a company duly incorporated and registered in [private] and whose registered office is at [private]. I hereby certify that I have the authority to act on behalf of Vector. Vector is a leading developer and supplier of tools and software components and services for developing embedded systems, particularly for the automotive industry.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed.**

Under the URL's indicated below we identified several files which form part of a software SIP. This SIP is a package which includes  
- embedded software,  
- tools, and  
- other components,  
all the above developed by Vector Informatik GmbH which is the holder of the exclusive rights. Under a standard agreement concluded with all our customers a license is granted only for non-exclusive use in connection with the development of, or use in ECU's (Electronic Control Units) in certain projects. This license is a commercial license, i.e. our software does not qualify as FOSS. Also, all information provided is subject to strict NDA's which won't conver a publishing of our software. Based on a customer specific number in these files we could identify the customer, which - however - does not identify in this account. We trust the account holders to be employees of, or otherwise being related to our customer. We try to get in touch with the customer but would like to take care of our IP ourselves.

**If the original work referenced above is available online, please provide a URL.**

**We ask that a DMCA takedown notice list every specific file in the repository that is infringing, unless the entire contents of the repository are infringing on your copyright. Please clearly state that the entire repository is infringing, OR provide the specific files within the repository you would like removed.**

**Based on the above, I confirm that:**

The entire repository is infringing

**Identify the full repository URL that is infringing:**

https://github.com/CARLOSALBERTOCORDERO/FreeRTOS_STM32F446  
https://github.com/ruinned/BerichtVector  
https://github.com/chensaury/xcp_calibration  
https://github.com/ziyangfu/ostemp  
https://github.com/DreamyAutoCoder/CP_Project

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

Not relevant in this context, Please note that the content listed above and made available by Github was copied onto your servers without permission. Hence, this website is infringing on several copyrights owned by Vector Informatik GmbH.

We seek the removal of the aforementioned infringing material from your servers. We request that you immediately notify the infringer of this notice and inform them of their duty to remove the infringing material immediately, and notify them to cease any further posting of infringing material to your server in the future.

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

Why would that be relevant? It's quite simple an un authorized use of our software and therefore a breach of an agreement which we will deal with separately with our customer licensee. Still, we take care of our property ourselves and wouldn't leave this to our no longer very much trusted customer.

**If you are reporting an allegedly infringing fork, please note that each fork is a distinct repository and <i>must be identified separately</i>. Please read more about <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">forks.</a> As forks may often contain different material than in the parent repository, if you believe any of the repositories or files in the forks are infringing, please list each fork URL below:**

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Company: Vector Informatik GmbH Address: [private] Mail: [private]

**Please type your full name for your signature.**

[private]
