To Whom It May Concern,

I am writing to notify you of an infringement of our proprietary and confidential source code hosted on your platform without authorization. This notice is provided under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA).

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

**Identification of Infringing Material**: The entire repository located at https://github.com/greydoubt/lyra contains all files that are confidential and proprietary to TENET Enterprises. This includes, but is not limited to, the file named [private] and [private] which explicitly states the relationship: [private] It even has the same name as our internal [private] project ([private]), which was confidential information and only available to employees.

**Description of the Original Material**: The code in question, which performs prompt stacking and includes our prompt library for chat and plugins, was developed under the direction of TENET Enterprises and has been its ownership and confidential information, since. This code represents a core functionality implemented by [private], a former employee, strictly for our business infrastructure. A few hours ago, [private] shared this repository with his [private] network, claiming that he had built it in his spare time, which is not true. It is a unique framework that allows the flexible and scalable stacking of system messages of large language models, to be used in the context of building AI applications. The code was developed from June 2023 - February 2024, by [private], an employee of TENET Enterprises, who claims and shared this repository on [private] with his network of >2,000 followers, see [private]

However, the code is confidential information and subject to an NDA. It was developed by TENET Enterprises, under the request and direction of TENET Enterprises, and for the sole purpose of building our AI application [private]. The creation and fine-tuning of this code have involved thousands of hours of research and development. This material is proprietary and not published.

**Identification of the Material Alleged to be Infringing:**

The repository URL: https://github.com/greydoubt/lyra. All content within this repository is infringing our proprietary and confidential work.  
The company's proprietary repository URL: [private]. This content was developed and used in our AI startup.  

**Explanation for Remedy**: Since the entire contents of the repository infringe upon the company’s property rights, I requests that Github disable and delete the entire repository immediately. Alternatively, and only if GitHub does not believe that is necessary, I request that it reach out to [private] and ask him to delete everything in the repository as he was not authorized to keep the code in the first place.

**Contact Information of the Owner**: TENET Enterprises  
Phone: [private]  
Email: [private]  
Physical Mail: [private]  

**Contact Information of the Alleged Infringer**: GitHub Username: greydoubt.

Additional Contact Information: Since [private], the former employee working on the [private] source code as well as announced, claimed, and shared this GitHub repository on [private], we provide his personal contact details below:

Name: [private]  
Phone: [private]  
Email: [private]  
Physical Address: [private]
 

I have a good faith belief that use of the materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the Code’s owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the owner of the Code at issue, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

[private]

[private]  
TENET Enterprises

[private]  
[private]
