Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

One or more repositories in this DMCA takedown notice has been processed in accordance with GitHub's prohibition on sharing unauthorized product licensing keys, software for generating unauthorized product licensing keys, and/or software for bypassing checks for product licensing keys.

You can learn more in [GitHub's Acceptable Use Policies](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/github-acceptable-use-policies).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

To verify ownership, you can access the Letter of Authorization (LOA) through the below URL.

[private]

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Hi Team,

We, MarkScan, have been duly authorized by Playco Entertainment FZ LLC, [private], 50819 (Referred as "Our Client") to issue this notice to you under the provisions the Information Technology (Intermediary Guidelines and Digital Media Ethics Code) Rules, 2021, and the Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act (OCILLA), a part of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act 1998 (DMCA) whereunder the service providers are to be held strictly liable for the acts of their users are required to cease access to the copyright material, immediately upon being put to notice of the infringement.

The reported URL is engaged in providing copyrighted content through their pirated application "4K Pro ", offering live feeds of the T20 Cricket WC 2024, whose rights are owned by our client "Playco Entertainment FZ LLC " in the MENA region. They are further involved in acts of copyright piracy by utilizing streams of digital content without the consent of the copyright owner.

We have found that "4K Pro" is using your services "raw.githubusercontent.com" to provide the UI (script/homepage) on their application. Which is further indulged in the act of copyright piracy by providing unauthorized streams of digital content without consent of the copyright owner.

Please note that our client holds the exclusive rights of the reported content and accessibility of such content is infringement of our clients right. We hereby request you to immediately take down the content in question as availability of such content is causing irreparable damages to our client.

COPYRIGHT OWNERS:  
Playco Entertainment FZ LLC, [private]

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mnisarriz/applogo/main/readmefile

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
MarkScan  
Email: [private]  
[private]  
Ph: [private]  
Website: www.markscan.co.in.

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
