**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

The [private] of the repository at https://github.com/DawsonMyers/geo-cli, [private], is a former Geotab Inc. [private] who developed a tool called geo-cli that is used to improve the development of software that is proprietary to Geotab called MyGeotab. At all times during the development of geo-cli [private] was a Geotab [private] that was subject to an [private] agreement which included clauses asserting ownership over all intellectual property developed [private] or outside [private] bur for the benefit of Geotab. The project was part of his duties at Geotab. Geotab asserts ownership over geo-cli, even if it was based on intellectual property that [private] created prior to joining Getoab. I am [private] for Geotab Inc. and have authority to act in legal matters on Geotab's behalf as part of my role as [private].

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

geo-cli belongs to Geotab. It was developed solely to improve proprietary Geotab software, is governed by an agreement that assigns intellectual property ownership to Geotab and remains in use by Geotab employees currently. The developer claims that he developed the tool on his own private time, but our agreement with him is clear that even if developed on personal time, intellectual property relating to Geotab products and services belongs to Geotab. I cannot post any URL where the tool is hosted, because it is being used in a closed, proprietary system. MyGeotab is a subscription-based software as a service that is used to manage the vehicle telematics hardware that Geotab sells.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The entire repository should be taken down, as it all relates to the geo-cli tool owned by Geotab.  
https://github.com/DawsonMyers/geo-cli

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

We have searched, and there are no forks that we are aware of.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

The last personal email address we have for [private] is [private]

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
Geotab Inc. [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
