**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

We, Liga Nacional de Fútbol Profesional (hereinafter “LaLiga”), in accordance with article 2.2 of the [private], of April 30th, on urgent measures in relation to the commercialization of the rights of exploitation of audiovisual contents of professional football competitions, are the actual right holders with the faculty to market the exploitation rights of the audiovisual content regarding the Spanish Football First and Second Division Competitions (hereinafter the “Competitions”), and producers of such audiovisual content, in accordance with article 7.1 of the mentioned Royal Decree.

The following information is presented for the purposes of removing web content that infringes on our copyright per the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”). This notice constitutes an official notification under Section 512(c) of the DMCA. Under that statute, you are required to remove the infringing applications specified below upon receipt of this notice.

We contact you again with the data obtained on your web hosting https://github.com/ where numerous mobile applications are hosted that allow unauthorized access to LaLiga EA Sports and LaLiga Hypermotion matches without having the television rights of the herself.

We also enclose the aforementioned applications of new applications that we have located for removal and samples showing the behaviors to facilitate the illegal broadcast of LaLiga EA Sports and LaLiga Hypermotion matches.  
https://elplan94.github.io/ID.link/

The copyright work that is being infringed consist of audiovisual content from our Competitions, specifically videos of matches of the Spanish Football First Division Competition, as evidenced by the screenshots.

We have a good faith belief that the dispute use is not authorized by us, as the copyright owner, any agent, or the law. Under penalty of perjury I certify that the information contained in this notification is both true and accurate, and that we are the copyright owner.

For any further information, please do not hesitate to contact us.

Kind regards

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

https://elplan94.github.io/ID.link/

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://elplan94.github.io/ID.link/

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

si

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
