https://github.com/TheHitMan1/PERP

Your network has our PERP server files

Our Registered Copyright TXu001892243 AT us COPYRIGHT OFFICE
http://www.copyright.gov/

[private]

[private] First search
for pulsareffect

This modified game of ours is on this LINK

I have all files to prove this is our gamemode AND LEGAL COPYRIGHT They
simply took PERP game and files and are running without a license
agreement on the above github account.

Be aware we have told them they do not have our permission to run such
and are very aware they are leaked/stolen.  
This is posted on our web site as well, informing all.

This letter is an official notification under Section 512(c) of the
Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"), and I seek the removal of the
aforementioned leaked Pulsar Effect Roleplay / PERP scripts from your
servers. I request that you immediately notify anyone directly involved
with this scandal, and inform them of their duty to remove the
infringing material from your server immediately, and notify them to
cease any further posting of leaked material to your server in the
future.

Please also be advised that law requires you, as a service provider, to
remove or disable access to the infringing materials upon receiving this
notice. Under US law a service provider, such as yourself, enjoys
immunity from a copyright lawsuit provided that you act with deliberate
speed to investigate and rectify ongoing copyright infringement. If
service providers do not investigate and remove or disable the
infringing material this immunity is lost. Therefore, in order for you
to remain immune from a copyright infringement action you will need to
investigate and ultimately remove or otherwise disable the infringing
material from your servers with all due speed.

I am providing this notice in good faith and with the reasonable belief
that rights my company owns are being infringed. Under penalty of
perjury I certify that the information contained in the notification is
both true and accurate, and I have the authority to act on behalf of the
owner of the copyright(s) involved. I have taken fair use into consideration.

We will provide an affidavit of all that is needed of the copyright files
in question. The scripts are copyright with the pulsareffect.com<http://pulsareffect.com/> name.
We know they have deleted the copyrights on the lua files and plan on
reverse engineering of the scripts to try to rewrite their own. Which is still
against the copyright laws in the USA.

The scripts are being sold and passed around on hackforums &
other places. If you want more proof just let me know.

[private] bought pulsareffect.com<http://pulsareffect.com/> and ALL legal copyrights this includes the
GAME PERP coded by the original coder who goes by [private] real name
withheld.

Should you wish to discuss this with me please contact me directly.

[private] PERP copyright TXu001892243

I have provided a small list of files involved with the source code. Please
keep them private as they do have new updates involved. Shows our new
and original sql and some files. Below is Stolen software.

Copyright info is now listed on copyright site Video proof

[private]

More Proof from the past owner posted a video back in 2008 of PERP .

Our Registered Copyright TXu001892243 AT us COPYRIGHT OFFICE

http://www.copyright.gov/ Reg number is TXu001892243

[private]

[private] First search
for pulsareffect

[private]

[private] - Please don't message [private] about PE or PERP - [private] no longer own
the rights to either, as [private] sold the intellectual property and brand
names to [private] who then, AFAIK, sold to [private]. Because the gamemodes
hosted by PE were never released to the public, the current owner of the
IP holds sole rights to host and redistribute the gamemodes.

Signed: [private]

[private]

[private]

[private]
