**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

Yes

**Please provide the Zendesk ticket number of your previously submitted notice. Zendesk ticket numbers are 7 digit ID numbers located in the subject line or body of your confirmation email.**

2826974

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

We have identified on GitHub the source code of a project managed by our company for the [private] government. After contacting all former employees of our company, none appear to be the owner of this repository. We suspect this exposure might have resulted from a lack of attention to information security many years ago. The project in question is a mobile office project for a [private] provincial government agency, involving sensitive elements such as user login details. The source code reveals basic information about developers and partners, as well as the paths and APIs for data interface requests. If this information is made publicly available on GitHub, it could be susceptible to attacks under various circumstances. Such exposure represents a significant threat to the entire project and could have serious repercussions.  
The [private] cyber police have already contacted our company pursuant to the project's development contract, mandating that we resolve this issue. We are currently trying to reach the repository's owner through the email address associated with their GitHub account but have been unsuccessful. We urgently request the official assistance to delete the repositories at these two addresses. I am aware that GitHub has policies and procedures for handling such requests and am fully prepared to provide any additional information or verification needed to facilitate this process.  
Regarding the copyright issue of the code, due to confidentiality reasons, we are unable to provide a public address. At the same time, the code copyright belongs to the [private] government. We can provide a contract with the government to prove that we are authorized representatives. Additionally, we can provide some details within the code and corresponding version submission records to prove that the code was developed by our company;  
1、The “[private]” in the package name represents the acronym of the four words “[private]” in “[private]”.  
2、The comments “[private]” and “[private]” in the code class are abbreviations of the name of the employee “[private]”.  
3、The email “[private]” in the submission record for the user “[private]” is a personal email address of a company employee, which can be verified by sending an email.  
4、We have synchronized and sent the corresponding government contract to you via email. The email address is: [private]  
5、Our company’s official website address: https://www.risesoft.net/.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Code warehouse address:  
https://github.com/Jackjet/beijing-1  
https://github.com/Jackjet/beijing  
The above is the warehouse address suspected of stealing company source code. As this is a complete project, I would like to completely delete it, but we are unable to contact the author at this time, so we can only trouble the authorities to delete it.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

Code warehouse address:  
https://github.com/Jackjet/beijing-1  
https://github.com/Jackjet/beijing  
Please delete these two repositories

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Code warehouse address:  
https://github.com/Jackjet/beijing-1  
https://github.com/Jackjet/beijing  
The URL addresses of the two repositories belong to our internal ownership. The repository cannot be deleted after replication. I hope the official can delete it immediately

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

Yes, we saw the email address on his [private], but we have sent multiple emails through this email address and still haven't received a reply. Therefore, we have requested the official GitHub account to help us delete the code repositories for these two addresses

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Phone: [private]  
Email: [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
