Dear Designated Agent:

We represent The New York Times Company (“The Times”), the owner of the famous and widely known WORDLE game. I am authorized to submit this Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) takedown notice regarding copyright infringement on a GitHub-hosted website. The GitHub hosted website https://wordle-uncensored.net displays content that infringes on our client’s intellectual property rights including copyright and trademark.

By way of background, On January 24, 2022, The Times purchased the popular word game “Wordle” (and all associated intellectual property rights with the game) from the game’s [private] [private], including but not limited to the common-law trademark rights to the “Wordle” trademark, the copyright in the game, and the trade dress associated with the game. The Times’s acquisition of the game was widely reported in widely available news sources. The Times owns numerous trademark registrations for “Wordle” in connection with, among other things, word and spelling games and word puzzles, including U.S. Reg. No. 7,140,643; U.K. Trademark Reg. Nos. 3,749,710 and 3,753,162; European Community Trademark Reg. No. 18651261; and pending U.S. applications, 97/248,806 and 97/510,050. The official Wordle game can be found here: https://www.nytimes.com/games/wordle/index.html.  

The following GitHub-hosted website contains The Times’ copyrighted content: https://wordle-uncensored.net. In particular, the website contains a knock off version of the same copyrighted Wordle puzzle owned by The Times. The layout and gameplay is identical to The Times’s “Wordle” game. See https://www.nytimes.com/games/wordle/index.html.  The infringing website also uses The Times’s “Wordle” trademark without authorization. Clearly, this is a blatant attempt to trade off The Times’s well-known “Wordle” brand and confuse consumers into believing they are playing a legitimate “uncensored” version of the Wordle game, when they are not. As the infringing website’s host and now having knowledge of the infringement, you may be found liable for contributory infringement. We therefore demand the infringing website be removed immediately.

We have a good faith belief that this usage has not been authorized by us, by our agent, or by law.

On behalf of The Times, we hereby request that you immediately disable and take down the infringing material.  THIS IS A DMCA TAKE DOWN NOTICE.

Under penalty of perjury, I hereby declare that this Notice is accurate and that I am authorized to act on behalf of The Times.

I look forward to your prompt response, as required by law.

Regards,  

[private]  
[private]  
Dated: June 13, 2024  
[private]  
Address: [private]  
Phone: [private]  

Email: [private]  
