**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

We have internally developed software (fintech application act egg forward), which one of our developers uploaded to GitHub and made public. We informed the former employee that he immediately deleted the content, but others had copied copies. We contacted for deletion, but he did not reply to our message. There is a lot of privacy information in the project. We suspect that the account should be a robot account, and we noticed that over 3000 items were copied from its warehouse.  
1. There have been multiple occurrences within our company during the project [private] The internal project address of the production domain name, such as line [private] file, [private], and [private] file, all pose a risk of leaking our company's internal production domain name  
The default. conf file in the Docker folder contains the internal [private] configuration of our company. There is a risk of leakage.
The [private] file in the public folder and the [private] file in [private] folder contain multiple native bridge methods for our company's APP to obtain login status, call login, and share. There are significant safety hazards to our company.
4. The. [private] folder contains the drone configuration for our company's development, testing, and production environments, which includes image information, namespace, and account password configuration information.  
There are still some internal interfaces of our company in the API folder, which pose a risk of theft and abuse.  
5. Moreover, the keyword eye of our company's "[private]" has appeared multiple times in the project, and our company's security team has discovered that there is a high-risk risk.  
Others can use the information in this project to crack my server and database information, which involves corporate privacy and poses security risks. We hope to proceed with delisting. There is no other way besides that.  
We have analyzed and found that there are completely replicated project warehouse addresses as follows:  
https://github.com/keyzf/fintech-application-act-egg-frontend  
https://github.com/xiangwang1965/fintech-application-act-egg-frontend

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

All contents of the following repository have been deleted.  
[private]  
However, the content can still be found in the link below. If personal information is involved, please delete it.  
https://github.com/keyzf/fintech-application-act-egg-frontend  
https://github.com/xiangwang1965/fintech-application-act-egg-frontend

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

All repository content.  
https://github.com/keyzf/fintech-application-act-egg-frontend  
https://github.com/xiangwang1965/fintech-application-act-egg-frontend

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

No forks have been identified other than the one below.  
https://github.com/keyzf/fintech-application-act-egg-frontend  
https://github.com/xiangwang1965/fintech-application-act-egg-frontend

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
