1

Identify the copyrighted work you believe has been infringed. The specificity of your identification may depend on the nature of the work you believe has been infringed, but may include things like a link to a web page or a specific post (as opposed to a link to a general site URL).

Here is the exact location of the ASHRAE copyright material available for purchase in the ASHRAE bookstore.

http://www.techstreet.com/ashrae/products/1717813

RP-1050 -- Development of a Toolkit for Calculating Linear, Change-Point Linear and Multiple-Linear Inverse Building Energy Analysis Models

2

Identify the material that you allege is infringing upon the copyrighted work listed in Item #1 above. This identification needs to be reasonably sufficient to permit GitHub to locate the material. In other words, please include the URL to the material allegedly infringing your copyright (URL of a website or URL to a post, with title, date, name of the emitter), or link to an initial post with sufficient data to find it.

Here are the locations on your website where ASHRAE copyrighted material is illegally posted.

https://github.com/nmattise/IMT/commit/db698f05f5c5c217355ca1db1fe75b8ff61d0291

3

Provide information on which GitHub may contact you, including your email address, name, telephone number and physical address.

[private]

www.ashrae.org

4

Provide the address, if available, to allow GitHub to notify the owner/administrator of the allegedly infringing webpage or other content, including email address.

I have no idea who postes this material on your website nor how to contact whoever them.

https://github.com/nmattise



There is a name and photo listed as [private] on your website

5

Also include a statement of the following: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law."

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.

6

Also include the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, ASHRAE , of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

7

Your physical or electronic signature


Send email notification to copyright@github.com or written notification via regular postal mail to:



GitHub Inc

Attn: DMCA takedown

88 Colin P Kelly Jr St

San Francisco, CA. 94107


[private], Administrative Assistant

ASHRAE
