While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I represent Xinuos, Inc., the owner of the source code developed after September 19, 1995, by The Santa Cruz Operation and The SCO Group, Inc., and contained within all versions of UnixWare 7 source code. The UnixWare 7 source code has been registered with the Copyright Office by Xinuos, Inc., including at least at Registration No. TX0005787679.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The original copyrighted work is the UnixWare 7 source code, which has been registered with the Copyright Office by Xinuos, Inc., including at least at Registration No. TX0005787679. The source code is the technological foundation for Xinuos, Inc.'s proprietary operating system technology, which the company still relies on for legitimate business activities. The copyrighted source code can be located at two links: (1) <https://github.com/Arquivotheca/UnixWare-7>; (2) <https://github.com/WarlockD/UnixWare-7>

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

All files in all repositories at the following links should be taken down: (1) <https://github.com/Arquivotheca/UnixWare-7>; (2) <https://github.com/WarlockD/UnixWare-7>

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

Xinuos, Inc. takes substantial steps to protect its valuable copyrighted source code. Xinuos, Inc. only allows authorized representatives of the company to reproduce, publish, distribute or otherwise make available its copyrighted source code. This is important because Xinuos continuous to make use of the copyrighted code in its licensed product and the public dissemination of the code without a license harms the ability of Xinuos to maintain its business. Xinuos, Inc. has registered its copyrights in the source code with the Copyright Office, and takes proactive steps to protect the source code from infringement by third-parties.

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

Xinuos, Inc. is investigating how its proprietary source code was accessed without permission.

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
direct - [private]  
address - [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
