While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Good day,

I am the [private] at eKreative company. We are working on Fitmate coach project for about 7 months. A day ago I received a message from Firebase which mentioned that private keys become Public. Here is the screenshot of the email [private]
Code is under NDA and probably someone from the fired [private] took the part of the code and gave it to someone (the December version of the web app) this person uploaded it to GitHub several days ago. We tried to contact the account (MaximovAnton) and mentioned that he broke the law by making this code available for everyone and asked to remove it. He didn't do this. All our members signed off the contracts with NDA, we don't know who is MaximovAnton and how he could get the code. We will be happy to provide any info to confirm that we are the owners of the code

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

We could set up a call and show you the code in our private repositories if it's needed.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/MaximovAnton/Fit_admin

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

All our repositories are private and access is granted to the working emails, which are blocked once the person leaves the company

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

As I mentioned it seems that someone just gave the code version to someone

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

We got the email from Firebase which mentioned that private keys become Public. Here is the screenshot of the email [private]

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

We don't have any info about him as we don't know that name and phase on the photo.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
