**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

Both

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Case Ref: BCCI/ Github Inc. / 27 April 2022  
Status: [private]  
Priority: High  

27 April 2022  

https://www-globalnewsgeeks.xyz - [private]   
[private]  
Github Inc.  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  

Sub: Unauthorised Broadcasts of Audio-visual Footage from the TATA Indian Premier League 2022

1. I am an agent authorised to act on behalf of the owner of intellectual property rights. The intellectual property rights include the copyright in and the rights to broadcast live cricket matches of the TATA Indian Premier League 2022 ("League") organised under the auspices of the Board of Control for Cricket in India (“BCCI”). These rights include, without limitation, TV Live Broadcast Rights and TV Highlights Rights, Mobile Rights and Internet Rights for Live, Deferred, Delayed broadcasts and Highlights for all matches of the League (“Matches”) on television and on the Internet (“Exclusive Rights”). These Exclusive Rights originate with the BCCI, and the BCCI and its authorised licensees are entitled to enforce these rights. For your information, these Exclusive Rights have been granted to STAR India Private Limited (“STAR”) for the entire world (“Territory”) and the digital rights have been granted to Novi Digital Entertainment Pvt. Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary of STAR, for the territory of India.

2. Proprietary audio-visual footage and production content relating to the Matches ("Copyrighted Content") will be transmitted with license and authorisation on various platforms from India by STAR and its authorised sub licensees in the Territory.

3. The Copyrighted Content has been identified and is accessible, as of the date of this notice, at the following URL:

https://www-globalnewsgeeks.xyz/

4. The Copyrighted Content is hosted, without licence, on the following IP address: 185.199.108.153

5. Please immediately disable access to the streams and URL listed above and suspend them from your servers to prevent continued violation of the Exclusive Rights referred to above.

6. Please also take appropriate action against the account holder for repeat infringements under your Abuse Policy/Terms of Service Agreement.

7. I have a good faith belief that the use of the Copyrighted Content as described above is not authorised by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.

8. I understand that this notice may lead to the termination of the user account and URL associated with the infringements detailed above.

9. Your immediate acknowledgement and action is solicited with respect to this notice.

10. I may be contacted via e-mail at [private], via fax on [private], or at BCCI Rights, Copyright Integrity International, [private] in relation to this notice.

11. I swear, under the penalty of perjury, that the information in this notice is accurate and that I am authorised to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

12. The BCCI reserves all its rights in this matter.

13. I understand that this notice may lead to the termination of the user account and URL associated with the infringements detailed above.

14. I swear, under the penalty of perjury, that the information in this notice is accurate and that I am authorised to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

15. I have taken fair use into consideration.

// [private] //

By: [private], Copyright Integrity International  
Designation: [private]  
Authorised agent for: Board of Control for Cricket in India  
Date: 27 April 2022

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Authorised example of the work can be viewed at the following URL: https://www.hotstar.com/in/sports/cricket/tournament/TATA-ipl-2022-329

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://www-globalnewsgeeks.xyz/

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

https://www-globalnewsgeeks.xyz/

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

NO

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
