Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

DMCA TAKEDOWN NOTICE

 

Copyright Infringement at https://www.devangthakkar.com/wordle_archive/?281

 

To whom it may concern:

 

As outside counsel to The New York Times Company (“The Times”), I am authorized to submit this DMCA Takedown notice.

 

On January 24, 2022, The Times purchased the popular word game “Wordle” (and all associated intellectual property rights with the game) from the game’s creator [private], including but not limited to the common-law trademark rights to the “Wordle” trademark, the copyright in the game, and the trade dress associated with the game. The Times’s acquisition of the game was widely reported in widely available news sources. 

 

The following website that Fastly hosts contains copyrighted content of The Times.  In particular, the website contains copyrighted puzzles owned by The Times.  The website operator admits this at the website  Specifically, as stated at the website:  “This is an archive for Wordle by [private] built on [private]'s WordMaster.”

 

We have a good faith belief that this usage has not been authorized by us, by our agent, or by law.  The content at the website is infringing. We have taken fair use into consideration. There is no valid fair use defense related to the content being used at the website.

 

On behalf of The Times, we hereby request that you immediately disable and take down the infringing material.  THIS IS A DMCA TAKE DOWN NOTICE.

 

Under penalty of perjury, I hereby declare that this Notice is accurate and that I am authorized to act on behalf of The Times.

 

I look forward to your prompt response, as required by law.

 

Sincerely,

[private]

 

[private] | [private]

Flaster Greenberg PC

100 Front Street, Suite 100, Conshohocken, PA 19428; and

**new address: 1717 Arch St., Suite 3300, Philadelphia, PA 19103

295 Madison Ave., 12th Floor, New York, NY 10017

D: [private] | M: [private]

www.flastergreenberg.com 
