While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

Yes

**Please provide the Zendesk ticket number of your previously submitted notice. Zendesk ticket numbers are 7 digit ID numbers located in the subject line or body of your confirmation email.**

1581743

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

I have opened two tickets for this topic, (DLMA: 1580899 and privacy:1581743) both tickets are for the same purpose to remove the whole published content of renti-frontend and renti-backend codes, which are available in these 2 repositories:

https://github.com/truth999/renti-backend  
https://github.com/truth999/renti-frontend

Here is the explanation hope it clarifies this topic.

www.renti.hu is owned [private] as an [private] and it was developed by 2 programmers between 2020 and 2021. Unfortunately it seems that the confidentiality agreement has been violated by "truth999" who published the whole content of this development on your site. We don't need to remove only lines but the whole content, as it's the full frontend and backend code which is available on your website.

The same happened at the end of 2020 (ticket number: #911782), I raised a DLMA and fortunately the content was fully removed by you.

Can you please proceed with the removal based on this explanation?  
If you need more information please let me know urgently.

Domain records for renti.hu are available on the domain.hu website as a reference.

Thank you,  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The entire repositories should be removed:

https://github.com/truth999/renti-backend  
https://github.com/truth999/renti-frontend

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

Google API key check

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

-

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

No

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
