Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

Dear GitHub DCMA Team,

 

It has come to our attention at CEVA that certain source code of our Wi-Fi Intellectual properties has been improperly distributed on the GitHub platform, under the https://github.com/fengmaoqiao/my_logic_code project, specifically those folders listed below. The specific source code (the “Code”), as identified below, is licensed under strict confidentiality terms to our Licensees from our subsidiary named RivieraWaves, and is not licensed for distribution in this manner. Given the serious nature of this breach and the potential damage to our licensing business, we request an immediate take down of the identified code while we further investigate this matter in parallel.

 

For clarity, the GitHub user who uploaded the Code, namely “fengmaoqiao”, has no license rights to that Code from CEVA (or from our subsidiary Rivierawaves).

 

The offending Code is located in the following specific folders; for clarity the entire content of these specific folders should be taken down:

https://github.com/fengmaoqiao/my_logic_code/tree/master/RTL/MAC  
https://github.com/fengmaoqiao/my_logic_code/tree/master/rwOFDMMatLab
 

and also in the corresponding subfolders of the forks from that project, i.e.

 @ffq513 ffq513 / my_logic_code

 @lupyuen lupyuen / my_logic_code

 @profound1987 profound1987 / my_logic_code

 @punnerud punnerud / my_logic_code

 @xiexiaojun xiexiaojun / my_logic_code

 @Zee314159 Zee314159 / my_logic_code

 

i.e. for clarity the entire content of the “/tree/master/RTL/MAC” and  “tree/master/rwOFDMMatLab” folders should be taken down on each of these forks also.

 

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

 

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

 

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

 

Thank you in advance for your urgent attention and action on this matter, and I look forward to receiving your email confirmation of the Code takedown requested above. Please advise if you need further information.

 

Regards [private]

 

______________________________________________

 

[private]

[private], [private]

[private]

[private]
