
**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am the [private].

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

This guy, whose his real name is [private]. He doesn't like me, nevertheless he always follows all updates on me, whether it be on [private], [private] or GitHub. He has actually been infringed my rights several times on [private] by updating my scripts (I only grant personal use to update, not sharing, especially after they get updated) (https://github.com/zulfilham/scbi_cheats) and make it available to download for everyone, but that is another thing.

Now I see he uploads my work on GitHub, so I think reporting this through GitHub directly will be best to achieve the best results. So here are the links:

(1) My copyrighted repository, no license: https://github.com/zulfilham/scbi_cheats.

(2) [private]'s Repository that infringes it: https://github.com/HaikalJokoPranata/Haikal.

(3) This is a short video on [private] of he infringes my copyrighted work; he was intentionally to upload overview (of freeze_resource_values.lua)
only in this video, no download links (he thinks he can escape from infringement of my work like that), instead he links to other [private] account,
which is his 2nd [private] channel: [private]. Here is his main [private] channel link:
[private].

(4) This 2nd channel of his, is only for uploading all of my copyrighted works, how obvious:
[private].

(5) The first video on that channel is showing my script execution named freeze_resource_values.lua (on the video, he had renamed it) as well as the
download link to it (which is [private]'s repository like I mentioned above): [private]. Also the title of this video
clearly says "How to write your own script", which is of course wrong, what he was doing is just copy and paste my code, please take a look!

(6) The second video on that channel is showing my script execution named exclude_war_items.lua as well as the download link to it:
[private].

I ask to the GitHub Team, please take action to this immediately! He is doing this while he is aware, I don't want to contact him anymore as he has been doing this repeatedly over time.

Well, my repository does not have a license.

Isn't it clear already that anyone shouldn't reupload my repository then?

I read this on GitHub website; that if a repository doesn't have any license that means anyone that would want to do anything with that repository should ask the permission of the repository owner first.

And this guy [private], like I said, he doesn't have my permission to upload, share, even sell my scripts to others. Even, I have warned him repeatedly, but he doesn't seem to listen to me and thinking that I don't have an importance of this matter at all.

I hope this clear.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

My repository:  
https://github.com/zulfilham/scbi_cheats.

At the moment, he only uploads:  
freeze_resource_values.lua (en) or bekukan_nilai_sumber_daya.lua (id),
exclude_war items.lua (en) or tiadakan_barang_perang.lua (id).

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

No, no forks. This is clearly my work.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

(1) I have his [private], actually he has so much [private] accounts, but I provide one only:
[private].

(2) I have his [private]: [private].

(3) And of course his main [private] channel: [private].

(4) And his second [private] channel: [private].

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
