I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

My name is [private] and I [private] Lunatio. A software that your company hosts is infringing on at least one copyright owned by [private].

The original software, the phpShort is owned by [private], and it was copied onto your servers without [private] permission. The software which I own the exclusive copyrights can be found for sale at:

https://codecanyon.net/item/phpshort-url-shortener-software/26536593

The unauthorized and infringing copy can be found at:

https://github.com/tp5er/laravel-phpshort (the entire repository must be permanently removed, and any forks of it).

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This letter is official notification under Section 512(c) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA), and I seek the removal of the aforementioned infringing material from your servers. I request that you immediately notify the infringer of this notice and inform them of their duty to remove the infringing material immediately, and notify them to cease any further posting of infringing material to your server in the future.

Please also be advised that law requires you, as a service provider, to remove or disable access to the infringing materials upon receiving this notice. Under US law a service provider, such as yourself, enjoys immunity from a copyright lawsuit provided that you act with deliberate speed to investigate and rectify ongoing copyright infringement. If service providers do not investigate and remove or disable the infringing material this immunity is lost. Therefore, in order for you to remain immune from a copyright infringement action you will need to investigate and ultimately remove or otherwise disable the infringing material from your servers with all due speed should the direct infringer, your client, not comply immediately.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.

I have taken fair use into consideration.

Thank you.

[private]

[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  

Regards,

Lunatio  
lunatio.com
