Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

Yes

**Please provide the Zendesk ticket number of your previously submitted notice. Zendesk ticket numbers are 7 digit ID numbers located in the subject line or body of your confirmation email.**

1532456

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

We hereby appoint [private] the [private] of Hundsun Electronics Inc.to handle the removal of documents on GitHub.com involving Hundsun Electronics' trade secrets. The [private]'s disposal behavior shall be regarded as the behavior of our company, and our company shall bear the legal consequences arising therefrom.  
Hundsun Electronics Inc.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

https://github.com/jiuyuer/qin-template/blob/0fcc175fc53b26c92092f1456e6fa5682d2e481e/src/modules/taskManagement/utils/BizSecurity.js  
https://github.com/jiuyuer/qin-template/blob/0fcc175fc53b26c92092f1456e6fa5682d2e481e/hui.config.js  
The pages show the code author [private] using Hundsun’s email address [private] to write the code in 2011，and some one else to upload the pages in 6 days ago.The pages include the detail of functional specifications, system version and other imfomations. The email and the code all belongs to Hundsun, it violated the Hundsun's information security system. We have reasons to believe that the code is the internal code cannot be published.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/jiuyuer/qin-template/blob/0fcc175fc53b26c92092f1456e6fa5682d2e481e/src/modules/taskManagement/utils/BizSecurity.js  
https://github.com/jiuyuer/qin-template/blob/0fcc175fc53b26c92092f1456e6fa5682d2e481e/hui.config.js

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

Our company using the software called [private] to preventing Information Leaks. Moreover, we make the daily training to strengthen the information security awareness of our staffs.

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

Human causes, factors beyond your control.

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, we searched, but no other branches to exist.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

NO, the owner of repository in 2016 was our company's [private], but now already leave the office. we try our best to find the contact information but cannot get, so we need GitHub‘s help to removed the information of our company.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Landline phone：[private]  
Address: [private]  
Company website： https://www.hundsun.com/en/

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
