Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---


**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Dear Sirs,

I'm the [private] of individual learning repo [invalid] which https://github.com/2013311026/pydata forked from. All code, including data and analysis charts and other assets of https://github.com/2013311026/pydata was pushed by [private].

 







**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

I'm the creator of repo [invalid], https://github.com/2013311026/pydata was forked from it, since the code and data involve the commercial secrets and proprietary information of specific users, I have deleted them at the user's request a few years ago.

The repo [invalid] was deleted by myself because it involved the user's commercial secrets and proprietary information, but was forked by https://github.com/2013311026/pydata which involved the user's commercial secrets and proprietary information, and the user has issued a document to point out, the general content is as follows:

A few days ago, the State Tobacco Monopoly Administration notified the data leakage incident of XX cigarette factory. The reason is that the relevant code (including data and analysis charts such as machine number, brand number, rejection, shutdown event, etc., the relevant data has not been desensitized) was uploaded to Github. The code was cloned by others, resulting in a serious data leakage incident. In the future, there may be relevant measures such as criticism and economic penalties from the tobacco industry, which will have a bad impact on the company.

The following is the information disclosure self inspection notice issued by the national information security agency.





As shown below, the code includes the customer's sensitive product quality information. The copyright of this statistical result belongs to me. The source data belongs to the end customer.



**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/2013311026/pydata/tree/master/projects

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology if you are unsure.**

No

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

https://github.com/2013311026/pydata/tree/master/projects

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken fair use into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Mobile: [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]/[private]
