**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

It is a private repository having the code of a mobile application that we are working on.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

SPACE Suite is a product of walkover (https://walkover.in). SPACE Suite have lots of product in it as it is a suite. Chat is one of a SPACE Suite product. We are developing a hybrid mobile application for chat and have a private repository for it on [private] ([private]). And that private repo has been stolen and uploaded on github by [private] (github username - rumi-art).

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

Whole repository is stolen and it must be taken down  
URL for repository - https://github.com/rumi-art/MSG91

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

I can see it is not forked right now, but not sure if someone else copied the same repo.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

This work is not licensed under an open source license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The whole repository must be removed completely.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

Email address of infringer - [private]

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Email address - [private]  
Phone - +[private]  
Address - [private], [private], [private], [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
