Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to make changes
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am [private] for Broadcom Inc. and I work for the Intellectual Property and Licensing Division, Broadcom's authorized and registered copyright agent.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The original copyrighted work is Broadcom's proprietary source code for router packages and associated firmware. This source code is NOT posted online as it is unpublished proprietary source code.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The URL for the source tree of the infringing code is: [invalid]. The repository is a mix of legitimately open source files as well as Broadcom proprietary code. I will email a list of the files that are Broadcom proprietary and need to be moved immediately. I attempted to provide that information in this form but it was refused as too large.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

The forks for the infringing files/repositories are:

[invalid]

• codercument / 86u-merlin

• fantomgs / 86u-merlin

• fatgrass / 86u-merlin

• ghsecuritylab / 86u-merlin

• harryxiao / 86u-merlin

• jackberry / 86u-merlin

• Jianfei209 / 86u-merlin

• katehoang1989 / 86u-merlin l,W

• leksmax / 86u-merlin

• LongJohnCoder / 86u-merlin •

• luckyangman / 86u-merlin

• MarsTomato / 86u-merlin

• oupula / 86u-merlin

• quantumhub / 86u-merlin

• salomoneli / 86u-merlin

• strategist922 / 86u-merlin

• tsingui / 86u-merlin

• xin2893 / 86u-merlin

• ypyd / 86u-merlin

• zezadas / 86u-merlin

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

Portions of the work are licensed under open source and I will send the file that identifies only what needs to be removed.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The only solution for this infringement is immediate removal of Broadcom's proprietary and copyrighted source code.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

Broadcom does not have the infringer's contact information.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken fair use into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Telephone: [private]

Email: [private]

Address: 15101 Alton Parkway

Irvine, CA 92618

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
