Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am [private] of aUToronto (University of Toronto's self-driving car development group, https://www.autodrive.utoronto.ca) and I act on the group's behave to protect the copyrighted content developed by our researchers and developers.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

It has recently came to our attention that two projects developed by aUToronto were wrongly uploaded to GitHub without permission. The projects contain drivers for our vehicle's sensors and associated communication interface. The IPs are owned by the group and are not supposed to be open-sourced to the public.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

Our previous DMCA takedown requests ([private], [private], [private]) contained several forks that infringed our copyright. As we investigate further into the forks, we noticed that our codebase was included in some other repos via copy-and-paste. The following link contains one (the folder "mr_radar") we recently identified:

https://github.com/wz8382817464/ros_program_melodic/tree/master/catkin_ws/src/drivers/radar

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No, the project is not open-sourced.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The linked folder "mr_radar" should be removed.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Phone: [private]  
Address: 4925 Dufferin St. University of Toronto Institute for Aerospace Studies, North York, ON M3H 5T6

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
