Dear Github Team,

I am part of [private] in Infosys Ltd.  Infosys Ltd. (https://www.infosys.com/ )  is a NYSE listed global consulting and IT services company based out of India. It has come to our attention that our client’s proprietary materials were published under the accounts of “Swaritha” and “DeepaSharma2085” within the repository named [private].

We have also found another Fork of the [private] project from the account of “Swaritha” which contains the same proprietary code under the account of “aswin03”.

All the required details are given in the table below:

Sl. No

Account Name

Project Name

Link

1

Swaritha

[private]

https://github.com/Swaritha/JPetStore_Maven

2

DeepaSharma2085

[private]

https://github.com/DeepaSharma2085/JPetStore_Maven

3

aswin03 (Forked from Swatitha’s Account)

[private]

https://github.com/aswin03/JPetStore_Maven

These projects contain proprietary copyrighted information of our client.

We have tried to contact the account owners of all the accounts but due to lack of contact details we were unable to do so. I have a good faith belief that use of the data/information mentioned above is not authorized by our client, us, any of our agents or by law.

Hence, we request you to take down the entire project named: [private] in the accounts of “Swaritha” & “DeepaSharma2085” as mentioned above  along with the FORK made by the account of “aswin03”, permanently from the GitHub accounts without leaving any trail or back-up in the GITHUB systems.

Given the criticality of the matter, we urge you to take this request forward expeditiously and would require an immediate action from your side.

 

Also, I declare,

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

 

As per your policy we understand that you will be posting a copy of this notice for transparency purposes. Please redact all the PII data, project name, repository details mentioned herein along with all the links.

___________________________________________________________________________________________________________

 

Thank You

[private]

[private] | Infosys Ltd. | [private]

Contact: [private]
