**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I'm [private] of the repo [private] for which I'm raising the DMCA notice

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

I would like to bring it to your notice that a Github user by username yrmallu has stolen my work from a page hosted on Gitlab and put it into his Github page as his own.

He even changed git history to change the author of the commits. You can compare both the repositories and you will understand he has plagiarised my work.

My work(Original Source): [private]  
yrmallu's repo(Plagiarised from my work which is the original source): https://github.com/yrmallu/onflix/commits/master  

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/yrmallu/onflix

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Nope, As per my understanding, there are no more forks that are infringing my copyrights

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

Not licensed under an open source license

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

He should remove the repo from Github

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

Github user id: yrmallu  
Phone: [private]  

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Email: [private]  
Phone: [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
