Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Authorized Agent

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

ZAG manages and controls the exclusive rights to develop, manufacture, distribute and sell merchandise for the animated series "Miraculous : Tales of LadyBug and Cat Noir". ZAG can utilize its intellectual property, including both trademark and copyrights, in connection with the development, manufacturing, distribution and sale of merchandise. You can find examples of the copyrighted work in the following URLs : https://www.miraculousladybug.com/

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://miraculouszone.ml/

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

https://miraculouszone.ml/

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

no open source license

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

We hereby notify you that the website below are infringing our client intellectual property rights including its trademark, copyrights, goodwill and reputation. Those websites are unlawfully streaming episodes of the animated series.

miraculouszone.ml

Such unauthorized use of our client's rights under the aforementioned URL exploits its reputation and goodwill and can have no effect but to cause a likelihood of confusion, deceive the public as to the affiliation, connection, and association of ZAG and its products with the mentioned sellers' products, and to dilute and harm its associated goodwill. Such actions constitute, inter alia, a misappropriation and violation of ZAGS rights and cause it damage.

As the internet service provider of the website, we ask you to suspend the website https://miraculouszone.ml/.

We are providing this notice in good faith and with ZAG's reasonable belief that its rights are being infringed. Under penalty of perjury we certify that the information contained in the notification is both true and accurate, and we have the authority to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright(s) involved.
In the event that you will not comply with our request, we reserve ZAG's rights to take whatever action we consider appropriate to protect its rights.

Should you wish to discuss this with us please contact us directly.

Please be aware that nothing contained in this letter is intended to constitute a waiver of any of ZAG's legal rights or remedies, all of which are hereby expressly reserved.

Respectfully,

Brandshield

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

no information on the owner

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
