Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).
- offered to connect the owners of the affected repositories with [legal resources](https://github.blog/2020-11-16-standing-up-for-developers-youtube-dl-is-back/#developer-defense-fund) as part of our commitment to standing up for developers.

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

As a digital platform for news content, we have distribution agreements with publishers allowing us to display their content on our platform. This content is protected by copyright and access to it is subject to a subscription fee. We have to defend the content protected by copyright of our publishers.
This tool allows the illegal downloading of protected content available on our website.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The entire tool and the tool itself infringe the intellectual property rights of both our platform and the content available on it. They bypass our DRM system, and break our security by exposing our algorithms and cryptographic solutions.

The tool: https://github.com/izneo-get/cafeyn-get

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

All files in the repository. (https://github.com/izneo-get/cafeyn-get)

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

This tool is the only one we are aware of.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No, all of our company information is private information. All our contents are protected by copyright.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

We ask for a complete removal of this tool as it’s the only source of action relevant since the purpose of the tool is directly to steal protected content from our website and make it publicly available to unauthorized persons.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Please do not publicly disclose this information.  
[private]  
You can also get back to me on my email: [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
