**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

Yes

**Please provide the Zendesk ticket number of your previously submitted notice. Zendesk ticket numbers are 7 digit ID numbers located in the subject line or body of your confirmation email.**

1466485

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

It has been discovered recently that materials and assignments from one of our courses have been shared on Github by a former student that was enrolled in that course. This is a violation of our student conduct policy and may also be considered a violation of copyright as the course materials included sample code.

The student that posted the material has even gone so far as to highlight that the material posted is from the specific course and generally from the University of Cincinnati.

The student removed copyright notices in the code before posting.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The code posted on Github by the student includes both the sample code and the code the student created for the course. Also shared on Github are all of the materials related to completing these course assignments.

In summary, the poster (student) did the following:

1. Took the code from the course as provided by the instructor

2. Removed the copyright notice on that code

3. Completed the missing parts of the code (the purpose of the homework assignment)

4. Posted the entirety of the code (along with the descriptions of the assignment pulled directly from the course materials) on Github for use by other students so they would not have to complete the assignment on their own.

As this is an ongoing course, the continued presence of these materials on Github is a clear issue and may lead to future violations of our student code of conduct. We are unable to levy any penalties on the students involved as they have since left the university. We would like to request to have the ENTIRE repository(ies) removed.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

Entire Repository(ies)

https://github.com/Tina0113/SPEC-Project

https://github.com/Tina0113/SPEC

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes. We did not find any forks.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

https://github.com/Tina0113?tab=overview&from=2019-12-01&to=2019-12-31

[private]

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
