Dear Sirs,

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

BAE Systems Applied Intelligence Limited (“BAES”) provides a range of  technology services including cyber security and software consultancy, design and development.  Each year as part of its recruitment drive and commercial offerings, BAES runs a number of cyber-security competitions called ‘Capture the Flag’  (“CTF”) to attract and engage the best candidates.  The format of this cyber-competition does not materially change from competition to competition.   It has recently come to our attention that certain content from our 2018 CTF Singapore event has been posted on GitHub without our permission.

The CTF event is a closed group event, participants are selected by BAES or our commercial partner and provided access to a password protected BAES site, from where they can view and download competition material.  Candidates are also required to accept our site Ts &Cs which expressly prohibit the use, copying or sharing of the CTF material for any purpose other than participating in the competition.  The CTF exercise is designed to test a candidate’s cyber skills and the exercises provided to the candidates have been generated by BAES personnel after some effort, they are BAES copyright material.    

The 2018 Singapore CTF event material copied and published on GitHub without our permission can be found on: (https://github.com/alejndalliance/Singapore-Cyber-Conquest-2018).   This repository contains 34 of the 46 challenges created by BAE for this competition. The challenges typically follow a similar format comprising the following structure:

-Challenge info (including: name, description, points, hints, files)

-Write up, how the author solved the challenge [these are a mixture of BAES original material and participant generated material showing how the problem is solved]

-Answer

 

The challenge information and Answer are BAES original material, including any files that have been downloaded from the server whilst logged in (e.g. [private], [private] and [private], for the example referred to below).

Typical structure of the 34 questions on the GitHub repository follows the following structure:

See an example in the following link: https://github.com/alejndalliance/Singapore-Cyber-Conquest-2018/tree/master/challenges/Reverse%20engineering/Local%20validation%20(400)

[private]

All of the above (except where indicated otherwise) for each of the 34 questions are original BAE content.  For the above worked example, the following files are also original BAES content:

[private]

[private]

[private]

 

Also the screenshots [private], [private] and [private] contain copies of the source code and output from these BAE owned originals.  In summary all files in this repository either are BAE owned originals, or in the cases of the README.md / readme.txt files contain BAE original content copied from the BAE CTF platform (BAES Copyright Material”).
 

The homepage for this repository also contains screenshots of the BAE CTF platform including the BAES logo (copyright and trade mark material of BAES).  This information is not published publicly.  It is only available to those users that are logged into the CTF platform at https://baectf.com.

 

We have not been able to locate any contact information for the person who has posted this content and are unable to resolve this matter informally, hence our direct request to GitHub to takedown the BAES Copyright Material in order to resolve this matter. 

 

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

 

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

 

Yours faithfully

[private]  
[private]  
BAE Systems Applied Intelligence
