**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Apple Inc. has exclusive rights in the copyrighted work. Kilpatrick Townsend & Stockton LLP represents Apple Inc. as outside counsel and is acting on its behalf and with its authorization.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The copyrighted work is a suite of Apple Inc.'s proprietary internal software applications, including AgentUI.app, AppleConnect.app, AppleMobileSync.app, Apple TV Demo Setup.app, Apple TV Demo Uninstall.app, AutomationAgent.app, AutomationScheduler.app, DCSD.app, FeedbackKit.app, Gateway Manager.app, iOS Menu.app, iOS Restore Tool.app, iPhone Menu.app, iRemoteX.app, iTunes Producer.app, MDCrashReportCopyGUI.app, PowerWarriorX.app, Pricing.app, PurpleBuildSanitizer.app, PurpleFAT.app, PurpleJesus.app, PurpleProvision.app, PurpleRestore.app, PurpleRestore 3.app, PurpleSNIFF.app, ScreenShotr.app, SkankPhoto.app, SkankTunes.app, stack.app, Uninstall AppleConnect.app, and WATCH Update Utility v2.0.1.app. Apple does not release this software to the public, and there is thus no public URL to share.

The repository reproduces Apple's software in full without authorization and in violation of its exclusive rights.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/Metric-Projects/macOSInternalApplications

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, and there are currently no forks.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Kilpatrick Townsend & Stockton LLP

[private]

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
