**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

YouROK corporation has spent the past 4 years developing its own code base for its adolescent mental wellness application. This code was funded and authored by YouROK corporation, its employees and interns over this period of time. It is a commercial interest involving multiple application components from a mobile app, through backend dashboards to help manage and monitor the population we serve.

In late november 2021, we engaged a developer initially to assess three aspects of the code with the intent of having him perform development work against that code. A dispute over completion of work ensued which we have tried to resolve peacefully which is also documented in email form. This resulted in a threats from the contractor in email to release our code to the public despite our attempts. The contractor has not developed any of the code, but has released our code to his own GitHub repository and posted a price for it at the bottom of the page. In addition to the notion that we authored the entire application, the contractor engaged a Non-Disclosure Agreement which specifically precluded any such action without written permission., We know this is not GitHub's concern and we must follow up through our own channels. However, our authored code has been compromised.

I, [private], was authorized by [private], the [private] of YouROK to pursue this matter and gain closure during our [private].

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The entire code base is published at https://github.com/AdamRyan359/YouROK

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The entire site at https://github.com/AdamRyan359/YouROK site should be removed

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes we have. There were no forks established, although another party has made modifications to the code and checked it in immediately after the repository was established.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

[private]

[private]

[private]

[private]

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

[private]

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
