Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

Yes

**Please provide the Zendesk ticket number of your previously submitted notice. Zendesk ticket numbers are 7 digit ID numbers located in the subject line or body of your confirmation email.**

#1430263

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am the sole copyright holder and [private] of the software package GRANSO, which is AGPL v3 licensed.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

GRANSO: GRadient-based Algorithm for Non-Smooth Optimization is an open-source (AGPL v3) solver for nonsmooth, nonconvex constrained optimization problems. Its homepage is: http://www.timmitchell.com/software/GRANSO/index.html, while the code can be found out: [private]

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The entire repo https://github.com/jingmouren/NCVX should be taken down.

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

The above repo is a fork of another project that has already been taken down. I was able to directly contact the original poster, who promptly took down their repo due to the copyright and AGPL v3 license violations. I am working with the original poster to correct the license and copyright issues, and he will repost the code once these issues are resolved. So the only problem now is this fork of the original repo which had the license violations.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

Yes

**Which license?**

AGPL v3.

**How do you believe the license is being violated?**

GRANSO is implemented in MATLAB and is licensed under the AGPL v3. The fork is a direct translation of GRANSO into Python and is thus a derivative work. As a derivative work, the fork must also be licensed under the AGPL v3. Furthermore, I should retain copyright holdings on this port of GRANSO to Python. In the fork, my name has been completely removed from all copyright notices and the license has been changed to MIT, which is a violation of the terms of the AGPL v3.

**What changes can be made to bring the project into compliance with the license? For example, adding attribution, adding a license, making the repository private.**

The entire code needs to be licensed under the AGPL v3 and my copyright should be restored to the files. However, it will be easier for jingmouren to just re-fork the original repository once it has been reposted with the license and copyright issues resolved. As such, I believe entirely removing the license-violating repo https://github.com/jingmouren/NCVX is the easiest solution for everyone.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private] or [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
