**I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.**

Because of an operational mistake four years ago, I submitted the old company(worken.cn Inc)'s commercial project code to github. This is the address of the repo https://github.com/gstok/myprj-try. Recently I got a notification from my former company that I need delete this repository.

Although this mistake was made by me, I have lost access to the "gstok" account due to poor password preservation, and I am currently applying for recovery of this account through other means. The background staff of github should also be able to see that the "gstok" account has not been active for a long time.

**Here are some of the infringement evidence I have listed for this repository, you can also verify it online**

You can see from the results returned by this search address that the warehouse contains a large number of title names of commercial projects "数聚客"
https://github.com/gstok/myprj-try/search?q=%E6%95%B0%E8%81%9A%E5%AE%A2


You can find company copyright information from the project file code at the address below
https://github.com/gstok/myprj-try/blob/master/pass.html


On the official website of aa company, you can see that this is a commercial project for sale, not an open source project. this is url http://www.worken.cn/views/shujuke.html. You can also see the commercial product that is applying for trial on this page, called "数聚客".


I think the above information is enough to show that this repository infringes the project copyright of worken.cn Inc. I can also provide more information and evidence if needed.

As mentioned above, I used to be the owner of this repo and gtsok account, so I know very well that the code in this repo does infringe the copyright of worken.cn Inc. So, I didn't have to ask myself before making a pull request to github.

**This is the chat record between the company's technical director and me on the live chat tool, The dialogue in this screenshot is in Chinese.**



Listed here by text:

[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  

Below is Google Translate's translation of the above chat log:

[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  

From the above conversation, we can know that worken.cn Inc entrusted me to request github to delete this repo


The infringer entrusts the infringer to submit a request to github, the purpose is **to delete all the code of all branches under this repository https://github.com/gstok/myprj-try**

**This is my contact information（infringer)**  Name: [private] EMail: [private] Phone: [private] Address: [private]

**This is the contact information of the infringed company**  Name: worken.cn Inc(浙江华坤道威数据科技有限公司),phone：[private]  Address: [private]

**This is the contact information of the person in charge of handling the infringement incident of the infringed company**

Name: [private], EMail: [private]


**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**This is my (infringer, infringed principal) signature on the paper document**

[private]
