**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

The copyright owner’s authorizes me to communicate with you about the our copyright infringement. We believe the user test12878999 upload the our code without our consent. We request to take down the repository that infringe our rights.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

We believe the content of whole repository belongs to Beijing Dianju Information Technology Co., Ltd. .It can be proved by the information of git code submitter whose email suffix is Dianju(Beijing Dianju Information Technology Co). The repository contains code, information, even the business secret owned by Dianju.  
However, user test12878999 upload the our code and relevant information and disclose the repository to the public without any consent of Beijing Dianju Information Technology Co., Ltd.  
The users’ behavior cause Dianju suffer the serious impact and heavy loss. We request to take down the repository that infringe our rights.  
Please feel free to contact us if you need us to provide more information.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

This infringing repository needs to be taken down：https://github.com/test12878999/root.git

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

No forks has been retrieved yet. If there are some forks that contain the information of Dianju, please contact us.We believe it needs to be taken down,either.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No, we don’t know. The only information we have about the infringer is his account number, which is test12878999.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
