Hi,  
It is nice to be able to use Github such a professional and efficent platfrom,and now I have a need to be very hopefully able to get Github's support and resolution.  
I have read and understand Github's Guide to filling a DMCA notice.

I tried to contact the user of fork my repository "[private]" on GitHub website to delete it. Here are my processing records.

1、Screenshot of the repository of user "[private]", the user I represent, on the GitHub website. The link address is [invalid] , has been deleted,



2、Screenshot of the repository on the GitHub website of user "[private]". The link address is [invalid] , has been deleted


3、Screenshot of user [private]'s repository on GitHub website. The link address is [invalid] , we communicated with the user through wechat.  That repository on the user has been deleted.  
The following is the communication record and the screenshot of the user after deletion.






4、Now only the repository of user "bhaweshksingh" on the GitHub website is left. The link address is https://github.com/bhaweshksingh/HeNanMobile , we communicated with each other through [private], [private], [private] , but we didn't get a response.
The following is a screenshot of the communication record。





URL of repository "HeNanMobile".

Since https://github.com/bhaweshksingh/HeNanMobile contains the company's important source code,algorithm and system configuration information,belonging to the company's internal data assets,so I hope Github as soon as possible to help us completely remove https://github.com/bhaweshksingh/HeNanMobile .Thank you very much.

The following is my contact information:  
email:[private]   
telephone:[private]   

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner,or its agent,or the law.I have taken fair use into consideration.  
I swear,under penalty of perjury,that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner,or am authrorized to act on behalf of the owner,of an exclusive right this is allegedly infringed.  
Hoping for you reponse,and thanks angin.


Best regards,  
[private]  
[private]  
