Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

Yes

**Please provide the Zendesk ticket number of your previously submitted notice. Zendesk ticket numbers are 7 digit ID numbers located in the subject line or body of your confirmation email.**

1646281

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am part of the Georgia Tech A[private], and I have found code solutions for a class at Georgia Tech. Whenever student turn into their code assignments they agree to the Georgia Tech Honor Code stating they are not cheating or allowing others to cheat by sharing Georgia Tech’s assessment materials. The assignment materials were provided to students so that they could complete their tasks and isn't to be shared with others.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The repository contains code provided to complete assignments, and student agreed that the code was not to be shared when the accepted the Georgia Honor Code Agreement.
The files in the repository were giving to the student to complete assignment.
https://github.com/jmfrancolin/Quant-Trading/blob/master/assess_learners/LinRegLearner.py
Contains the Georgia Tech copywrite information:

Georgia Tech asserts copyright ownership of this template and all derivative  
works, including solutions to the projects assigned in this course. Students  
and other users of this template code are advised not to share it with others  
or to make it available on publicly viewable websites including repositories  
such as github and [private]. This copyright statement should not be removed  
or edited.  
We do grant permission to share solutions privately with non-students such  
as potential employers. However, sharing with other current or future  
students of [private] is prohibited and subject to being investigated as a  
GT honor code violation.   
All of the files in the repository are used to complete the different assignments in the course.  
The former student posted Georgia Tech source code at this URL: https://github.com/jmfrancolin/Quant-Trading

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The repository contains code provided to complete assignments, and student agreed that the code was not to be shared when the accepted the Georgia Honor Code Agreement. The former student posted Georgia Tech source code at this URL: https://github.com/jmfrancolin/Quant-Trading

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

No forks were found

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Repository can be made private

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

I don't have the contact information.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
