Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Im the [private] of the repo that has been copied.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The original repo is a plugin for a game modding framework (EXILED for the game SCP:SL). It is https://github.com/Jesus-QC/AudioPlayer.

Inside this game modding frameworks have different rivalries. [private] worked hard to make an audio system inside this game since we hadn't a working audio system in ANY framework for a year. Once [private] finally discover how to do it and work hard to implement it [private] submit it online.

This framework called Qurre (https://github.com/Qurre-Team/Qurre-sl) copied some weeks later [private] plugin implementing it into its API and without even respecting the MIT license which is very permissive.

[private] contacted this framework owner asking for at least a mention and what the owner said was that he didn't copy anything. There are several similarities in the code including an external library [private] had to edit (NLayer).

This change to NLayer took me several days to discover and [private] talked to audio experts to solve.  
https://github.com/Jesus-QC/AudioPlayer/blob/eb28b4e30773cee57632c5ddf56ae0228be3f7df/AudioPlayer/NLayer/MpegFrameDecoder.cs#L145  
To [private] surprise Qurre devs didnt add NLayer to the source but distributed it as an external dll with [private] changes.

The devs also copied [private] full plugin moving things from one location to another.

There are several similarities in the following lines: (Without counting that they copied the external lib im using)

[private]  
[private]  

[private]   
[private]  

This one was another one [private] needed several hours to understand and investigate.   
[private]  
[private]  

Another two things [private] had to investigate:

[private]  
[private]  

[private]  
[private]  

[private]  
[private]  

And the most important one, the game compatibility:  
(This is why no frameworks were able to play audio for a year and [private] discover by decompiling the game)

[private]  
[private]

**As [private] said the dev tried to hide that he copied the code by moving everything but its very notable not only because of the timeline but libs used and code.**

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The repo is this one:

https://github.com/Qurre-Team/Qurre-sl

It has been taken down once [invlalid] for also copying.

It made [private] lose money and pacience. [private] had a conversation of an hour with the dev asking him how he got literally the same parametters as [private].  
(Since if for example he made the framesize 440 he could send all the bytes in half the time, or any other configuration, but he copied [private] exact values).

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

There are no forks infringing this.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

Yes

**Which license?**

MIT

**How do you believe the license is being violated?**

Even with just having to mention the repo, they guarantee its their own code. (And that annoys [private] because of the amount of time [private] spent)

**What changes can be made to bring the project into compliance with the license? For example, adding attribution, adding a license, making the repository private.**

Adding attribution and adding a MIT license would be enough.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

I do not

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
