Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

NAGRA Notice ID: [private]  
Notice Date: June 20, 2022  
URL: https://gist.github.com/dandyraka/cfd90182c06deb7639349a84c8ebe2a2/raw  
Source: https://gist.github.com/dandyraka/cfd90182c06deb7639349a84c8ebe2a2/raw  
Domain: gist.github.com  
  
Dear Sir, Madam,  
  
Nagravision SA (hereinafter "NAGRA") is a provider of secure solutions to protect content of the media and entertainment industry (please visit https://dtv.nagra.com). NAGRA has been engaged and authorized by Discovery Communications, LLC and its affiliates (collectively, "Discovery") to act on their behalf to protect and enforce Discovery’s copyrights and trademarks, whether registered or unregistered, associated with their television channels, including but not limited to Discovery,ID Investigation,Discovery Family,Discovery Life,Discovery en Espanol,Familia Discovery,Discovery Science,Discovery Home and Health,Discovery Asia,Discovery Shed,Discovery Turbo Xtra,Discovery Theater,Discovery History,Discovery World,World Discovery,Discovery Civiliztion,Discovery Travel and Living,Discovery Historia,HGTV,Food Network,TLC,OWN,Oprah,Animal Planet,Trvl Channel,Motortrend,DIY Network,Cooking Channel,TVN,TVN Style,Tvn 7,TVN Turbo,TVN Fabula,TVN 24,Tvn 24 Bis,TVN Extra,TVN Warszawa,TVN Meteo,TTV,Fine Living,Living Channel,Quest,Quest Red,Focus,Frisbee,Giallo,K2,Nove,Real Time,DKiss,Asian Food Network,TV Norge,DMax,FEM,Vox,Mango,eve,foodtv,food tv,Eurosport,Fatafeat,GolfTV,Golf TV,HGTV (collectively, the "Channels"), from unauthorized distribution and streams online. This authorization includes:  
  
a.) Monitoring of the Web, pirate forums, major App stores and social media platforms (and other online distribution platforms) to find applications used to illegally distribute its Channels.  
  
b.) Monitoring data sharing platforms to find so-called "playlists" that contain links that can be used to illegally access Discovery Channels.  
  
c.) Sending takedown notices and letters to remove the infringing applications and playlists from such websites, pirate forums, app stores and social media platforms and data sharing platforms (and other online distribution platforms).  
  
NAGRA has evidence that the following URLs are infringing Discovery's rights by enabling users to illegally access the Channels, including the copyrighted content therein.  
  
https://gist.github.com/dandyraka/cfd90182c06deb7639349a84c8ebe2a2/raw  
  
The sole purpose of these URLs is to grant unauthorized access to one or more of the Channels.  
  
We hereby request that you immediately remove, disable access, or block access to the above-mentioned unauthorized and infringing URLs.  
  
This letter is an official notification under the principles of the Berne Convention ("BC"), Article 8 in the WIPO Copyright Treaty ("WTC"), Article 14 in The Electronic Commerce Directive ("ECD") and Section 512(c) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA").  
  
By giving this notice and referring to the principles in the above mentioned legislations we seek the removal of the aforementioned infringing material from your servers.  
The purpose of this letter is to request that you immediately notify the infringer, your client, of this notice and inform them of their duty to remove the infringing material immediately, and notify them to cease any further posting of infringing material to your server in the future.  
  
Please also be advised that the ECD & DMCA requires you, as a service provider, to remove or disable access to the infringing materials upon receiving this notice. Under the laws of the United States and The European Union law a service provider, such as yourself, enjoys immunity from a copyright lawsuit provided that you act with deliberate speed to investigate and rectify ongoing copyright infringement. If service providers do not investigate and remove or disable the infringing material, this immunity is lost. Therefore, you must investigate and ultimately remove or otherwise disable the infringing material from your servers with all due speed should the direct infringer, your client, not comply immediately.  
  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above as allegedly infringing is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.  
I have taken fair use into consideration.  
  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of a right that is allegedly infringed.  
  
Please confirm within two business days of receipt of this letter that you have complied with the foregoing request.  
  
Nothing in this notification shall serve as a waiver of any rights or remedies of Discovery with respect to the alleged infringement, all of which are expressly reserved.  
  
We remain at your disposal for any query and thank you in advance for your cooperation in resolving this matter in a cooperative manner for the benefit of Discovery and the entire media and entertainment industry.  
  
Regards,  
  
[private]  
[private]  
Nagravision SA  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
T [private]  
F [private]  
www.nagra.com  
[private]  
