Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

Yes

**Please provide the Zendesk ticket number of your previously submitted notice. Zendesk ticket numbers are 7 digit ID numbers located in the subject line or body of your confirmation email.**

1671451

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

[private] current license is BSD-3-Clause license and was previously an MIT License.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

This is [private] work: https://github.com/rxzyx/Blooket-Hacks/tree/main/Crypto%20Hack  
And this is the stealers work: https://github.com/glixxzzy/blooket-hack/tree/main/crypto-hack  
Get Crypto.js ([private]) is getCrypto.js (his) (which are identical in file size and obfuscation function names, parameters, numbers, and RC4 keys)  
and Auto Input Password.js ([private]) is getOtherUsersPassword.js (his) (which are identical in file size and obfuscation function names, parameters, numbers, and RC4 keys)

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/glixxzzy/blooket-hack/blob/main/crypto-hack/getCrypto.js
and
https://github.com/glixxzzy/blooket-hack/blob/main/crypto-hack/getOtherUsersPassword.js

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

No it's his own repository.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

Yes

**Which license?**

[private] license was changed from MIT to BSD 3-Clause "New" or "Revised" License recently, [private] want @glixxzzy to include that [private] am the original creator and copyright holder.

**How do you believe the license is being violated?**

He never asked [private] for permission to put [private] work in his own GitHub page and after [private] repeatedly told him that [private] am not ok with it [private] was always blocked/banned on his socials.

**What changes can be made to bring the project into compliance with the license? For example, adding attribution, adding a license, making the repository private.**

[private] want @glixxzzy to include that [private] am the original creator and copyright holder.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Repository can be made private

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

[private] on [private] and his email is [private]

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
