Dear Github,

Please accept this DMCA notice of infringement and delete request filed by Shanghai Baison Software Co.,Ltd. and takedown the links referenced below。I have read and understood GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

When we visited the public GitHub on [private], our security team found that github's publicly stored repository infringes the copyright of our company. The copyrighted works are the proprietary software and related codes of baison e3 plus enterprise software. Through the application of cloud computing, big data, and Internet high-availability architecture technology, Baison e3 plus enterprise middle-end reconstructs the existing omni-channel business system of the enterprise, and provides omni-channel integrated operation and management capabilities such as inventory, orders, and logistics on the basis of , to provide rapid implementation capabilities for business transformation and expansion of new businesses, and accelerate the digital transformation of enterprises.It is a commercial product whose code is completely protected by copyright ，Attach the software copyright certificate of the product。That belongs to Shanghai Baison Software Co., Ltd. 

The unauthorized and infringing material can be found at:

https://github.com/IT-jian/e3-plus  
https://github.com/htom78/e3-plus  
https://github.com/nevergreen/e3-plus  

These entire repositories all infringe the copyright of baison, and must be completely removed, thank you very much!

I have a good faith belief that use of the copy righted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copy right owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner，or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. The following is our contact information:

         My name：[private]  

         Cellphone：[private]  

         Email：[private]  

         Company Name：Shanghai Baison Software Co.,Ltd

         Company Address：[private]  

         Website：http://www.baison.com.cn/

Looking forward to your reply. Thanks a lot!

My signature:

[private]

Best regards!
