Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

Yes

**Please provide the Zendesk ticket number of your previously submitted notice. Zendesk ticket numbers are 7 digit ID numbers located in the subject line or body of your confirmation email.**

1645714

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Dear GitHub Abuse Team

We act on behalf of our client, Aventiv Technologies LLC.. It has come to our attention that a website your company hosts may be infringing on one of Aventiv Technologies LLC. copyrights. We request your cooperation to have the infringing content removed.

The infringing material is found at:  
hxxps://github [.] com/BurnDown396/JPay-Securus-Linux/tree/main/Tablet%20Packages%20Source%20Code  
hxxps://github [.] com/BurnDown396/JPay-Securus-Linux/tree/main/Tiger%20Packages

And the original material of our client is at:  
https://www.aventiv.com/

The infringer has copied and used Aventiv Technologies LLC. source code to build an identical product and perform modifications or not authorized uses of our client's products, creating confusion for Aventiv Technologies LLC. customers and therefore harm to the business of our client. Our client is not related to nor does it have any affiliation to the infringer and the infringing content was published on your servers without Aventiv Technologies LLC. permission.

We are sending this notice under a good faith belief that use of the materials, described above as allegedly infringing, is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law. We certify, under the penalty of perjury, that the information in this notice is correct. We have the authority to act on behalf of the person who owns the copyright/trademark in question.

You may use the following contact information for any further correspondence:

[private]

[private]

[private]

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The infringer has copied and used the Aventiv Technologies LLC. JPay source code to build an identical product and perform modifications or not authorized uses of our client's products  
JPay tablets are a product from our client, Aventiv Technologies LLC. with its own license protected software. You can see more about JPay tablets here . The infringing material posted on the GitHub account aims to use licensed code and packages to run his/her repository

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

This file has specific JPay source code:  
https://github.com/BurnDown396/JPay-Securus-Linux/tree/main/Tablet%20Packages%20Source%20Code

This file uses our client's packages:  
https://github.com/BurnDown396/JPay-Securus-Linux/tree/main/Tiger%20Packages

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

There are no forks

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

[private]

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
