Dear DMCA Agent:

 

 I, [private], member of security team of bilibili and as authorized by bilibili, hereby submit the DMCA take down notice as below.

 

 Thank you for taking down those infringing posts upon our previous request. However, we observe that some GitHub users are still continuously posting our source code.

 

 After careful review of relevant posts on your website (detailed below), our security team is able to confirm that all these posts contain our source code and other trade secrets and confidential information (e.g., algorithm, system configuration, secret key, database address, important api key, etc.) that were published without appropriate authorization and thus are infringing.

 

 As a leading PR entertainment website, bilibili has been investing tremendous resources and efforts to develop the information. Now that such information has been published without our authorization on your website, providing easy access to unnamed visitors, being forked over several thousand times and is still being shared and transferred from the original posts on GitHub continuously. As the posts contain invaluable information in such a detailed and comprehensive manner far beyond the necessary level of fair use, we confirm that all the use in the attached posts shall not be protected as fair use.

 

 In consideration of significance and urgency of the aforesaid matters, we request that you pay serious attention to this letter and respond in a timely manner as requested.

 

 The materials infringing company's rights mentioned above are to be found in particular on the following links:



https://github.com/futeen/Codes/tree/mac/bili_codes  

[repository disabled in previous DMCA takedown]  

https://github.com/Tenderlies/Kaleidoscope/tree/master/source/ililibib  

[repository disabled in previous DMCA takedown]  

https://github.com/futeen/Codes/tree/0208a8b9dfaabe8dd1d131bfb33cdbb1b547f5dd/bili_codes  

[repository disabled in previous DMCA takedown]  
 
[private]  

 

According to the requirements in the Guide to Submitting DMCA Take Down NoticeI render the statements as below:


I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

 

 I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

 

 I confirm that I have read and understand GitHub’s Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

 

 If there’s any questions, please feel free to contact me via the information below:

 

 Contact information:

- Name: [private]  

- Title: [private]  

-   My e-mail Address: [private]  

-   Cellphone: [private]  

-   Company Address: No. 485, Zhengli Road, Yangpu District，Shanghai ，China   

-   Website: https://www.bilibili.com/  

 

 Attached is my signature!  

 

 

In the end, we would appreciate it even more if the DMCA   notice name on GitHub could be spelt "bilibili" correctly.  

 

Thank you for your understanding.  

 
