**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**   
yes.    
**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**   
I had created a pulic repository named fjcomm with username of [private], I dont realise that my operation would open this repository fjcomm's files to public others, that's all my mistake and because of the importance of ignorance. When I heard my friend told me the meaning of public repository, So before 16 hours I delete the fjcomm and all my repository, I also delete my github account named [private]. At that time, I also dont know the other developers would fork my repository. Here I ask all the repository forked from the original [private]/fjcomm must be deleted. Every source files and header files in this fjcomm repository, there already claimed that the copyright is owned by 珠海优特电力科技 in the title lines. This is the company name that I have worked for.   
**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**   
https://github.com/xibeilang524/fjcomm   
https://github.com/donginhb/testcomm   
[private]      
[private]  
https://github.com/mildrock/fjcomm   
[private]   
**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**   
yes   
**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**   
no, the fjcomm's files are private.   
**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**   
must be deleted.   
**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**   
no, I dont have.   
**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**   
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.   
**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**   
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.   
**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**   
yes.   
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**   
My phone number is [private], My address is [private].   
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**   
[private]
