**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Not the copyright owner, acting on behalf of the Pearsons' Techops team.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Original repository -: [private] (This work belongs to the Pearsons' Techops Team, who is responsible for the creation of these scripts and management of them, hence it's an authorized activity to take a copy or clone, by any third party)   
Cloned repository -: https://github.com/sreejithwpg/chef-scripts (the repository which we are requesting, that be taken down)

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**

We need to take down the entire repository.   
Link to the repository:   
https://github.com/sreejithwpg/chef-scripts

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

No. There were no forks' initially. For investigation purposes we have made a fork of this repository.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

This is not an open source license, this work is Pearson property, which has been illegally cloned.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**   
No we cannot make this private.Repository should be removed.   
Further information of the user would be much appreciated

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**

We do not have this information as of now. We are suspecting that this repository belongs to [private]([private])

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

We do.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

Contact No -: [private]

Contact No -: [private] ( request raised)   
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[private]

([private])

[private] (raised the request)
