**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**   
Yes

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**   
The following repository is an illegal decompiled version of software released online for free, under a closed source license: https://github.com/capheus/Arcturus-Community

The closed source software emulators a private server, which allows people to run their own version of the game. The source code released has violated the following terms of service and license agreement:  

> Whilst we attempt to edit or remove any messages containing inappropriate, sexually orientated, abusive, hateful, slanderous, or threatening material that could be considered invasive of a person's privacy, or which otherwise violate any kind of law, it is impossible for us to review every message posted on this discussion system. For this reason you acknowledge that all messages posted on this discussion system express the views and opinions of the original message author and not necessarily the views of this bulletin board. Therefore we take no responsibility and cannot be held liable for any messages posted. We do not vouch for or warrant the accuracy and completeness of every message. By registering on this discussion system you agree that you will not post any material which is knowingly false, inaccurate, abusive, hateful, harassing,sexually orientated, threatening or invasive of a person's privacy, or any other material which may violate any applicable laws. Failure to comply with these rules may result in the termination of your account, account suspension, or permanent ban of access to these forums. Your IP Address is recorded with each post you make on this discussion system and is retrievable by the forum staff if need-be. You agree that we have the ability and right to remove, edit, or lock any account or message at any time should it be seen fit. You also agree that any information you enter on this discussion system is stored in a database, and that "cookies" are stored on your computer to save your login information. Any information you provide on these forums will not be disclosed to any third party without your complete consent,although the staff cannot be held liable for any hacking attempt in which your data is compromised. Any software being directectly up for download is used as intended and is not allowed to be modified, renamed, re-released and / or decompiled under any circumstances without the explicit agreement from the license holder. Failing to do so will result into being reported to the affected copyright holders. Purchases and donations are definite and cannot be charged back. Services must be configured by the end user and responsibility is not taken by the seller. Failing to do so will have you terminated and all relevant data permanently deleted. By continuing with the sign up process you agree to the above rules and any others that the Administrator specifies.Any software being directectly up for download is used as intended and is not allowed to be modified, renamed, re-released and / or decompiled under any circumstances without the explicit agreement from the license holder. Failing to do so will result into being reported to the affected copyright holders. Purchases and donations are definite and cannot be charged back. Services must be configured by the end user and responsibility is not taken by the seller. Failing to do so will have you terminated and all relevant data permanently deleted. By continuing with the sign up process you agree to the above rules and any others that the Administrator specifies.Any software being directectly up for download is used as intended and is not allowed to be modified, renamed, re-released and / or decompiled under any circumstances without the explicit agreement from the license holder. Failing to do so will result into being reported to the affected copyright holders. Purchases and donations are definite and cannot be charged back. Services must be configured by the end user and responsibility is not taken by the seller. Failing to do so will have you terminated and all relevant data permanently deleted. By continuing with the sign up process you agree to the above rules and any others that the Administrator specifies.re-released and / or decompiled under any circumstances without the explicit agreement from the license holder. Failing to do so will result into being reported to the affected copyright holders. Purchases and donations are definite and cannot be charged back. Services must be configured by the end user and responsibility is not taken by the seller. Failing to do so will have you terminated and all relevant data permanently deleted. By continuing with the sign up process you agree to the above rules and any others that the Administrator specifies.re-released and / or decompiled under any circumstances without the explicit agreement from the license holder. Failing to do so will result into being reported to the affected copyright holders. Purchases and donations are definite and cannot be charged back. Services must be configured by the end user and responsibility is not taken by the seller. Failing to do so will have you terminated and all relevant data permanently deleted. By continuing with the sign up process you agree to the above rules and any others that the Administrator specifies.Failing to do so will have you terminated and all relevant data permanently deleted. By continuing with the sign up process you agree to the above rules and any others that the Administrator specifies.Failing to do so will have you terminated and all relevant data permanently deleted. By continuing with the sign up process you agree to the above rules and any others that the Administrator specifies.

As is required to agree at https://arcturus.pw/member.php?action=register in order to download the free software.  

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**   
Entire Repository and subsequent forks: https://github.com/capheus/Arcturus-Community

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**   
https://github.com/capheus/Arcturus-Community      
[private]  
https://github.com/Quackster/Arcturus-Community     
https://github.com/KrewsOrg/Arcturus-Community  

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**   
They are violating the closed source license on the original software download.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**   
Remove and delete the repository. Cease all existing development based on the original source code.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**   
No.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**   
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**   
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**   
Yes

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**   
Email: [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**   
[private]
