**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**   
I am an owner of a copyright of a big part of the code in question.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**   
https://arcamens.com is the site we created.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**

[private] (`[private]` on GitHub) is going to publish copyrighted code at https://github.com/arcamens/arcamens

He gave me two hours to agree to his inacceptable offer (not important what exactly) or he threatens to publish the code.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**   
The files are of a private not OSS license. He is apparently going to publish under GPL-3.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Please:

1. Remove https://github.com/arcamens/arcamens

2. Disable any changes by `[private]` user. Don't remove him completely from GitHub, as he has published some useful (legal) code, too.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**   
[private]

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**   
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**   
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**   
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**   
[private]  

My signature:   
[private]
