**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**   
I'm acting on behalf of my employer, Hex-Rays SA, who owns the work  
  
**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
  
The below URL contains a copy of our commercial product, IDA Pro 7.0:   
https://github.com/chrishuppor/TheirToolsCollection/tree/master/static_deconpile/IDA%207.0  
  
description of this version can be found on our website: https://www.hex-rays.com/products/ida/7.0/  
  
**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**  
  
All files below https://github.com/chrishuppor/TheirToolsCollection/tree/master/static_deconpile/IDA%207.0  
  
**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
  
There seems to be no forks of this repo (yet?).  
  
**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
  
The work is commercial closed-source software and may not be redistributed without our permission.  
  
**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**  
  
The files must be removed as the user has no right to use them (it's a stolen license).  
  
**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
  
No, there seems to be no contact info available.  
  
**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  
  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.  
  
**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  
  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  
  
**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
  
I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.  
  
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
  
You can contact me at [private] (personal mobile) or [private] (office)   
My work email: [private]  
You can also reach [private] at [private] or the above office phone.  
  
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
  
[private]  
