Dear GitHub, Inc. Copyright Agent:

Thank you for your reply and processing support for DMCA takedown notice.

As the copyright owner of Yaosha and Yaoshawang mobile phone applications.Thank you very much for your respect and efforts for intellectual property rights.

We found a version of Yaoshawang IOS 2014 code from forked repositories:

https://github.com/tomdev2008/yaoshawang

the forked from we did DMCA takedown notice:

[repository disabled per previous DMCA takedown notice]

We require that delete and shield this version of code to protect our legitimate intellectual property rights and interests.

We declare as follows:

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

My contact information is as follows:

Guangzhou Yaosha Information Technology Co., Ltd.

Attn: [private]

Address: [private]

Email: [private]

Website:https://www.yaosha.com.cn

Infringing IP address:

[private]

Infringing material:

https://github.com/tomdev2008/yaoshawang

Location of original works:

This correspondence and all of its contents is without prejudice to the copyright owner or any of their affiliated company's rights and remedies, all of which are expressly reserved.

Sincerely,

[private]

Agent for Copyright Owner
