**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?** Yes - I'm the owner.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.** [private] released a web application known as Sneyra (https://github.com/kyranet/Sneyra) which is Open Source and under the MIT license. This user re-uploaded the entire software instead of forking, and changed the LICENSE file to change the owner to his own name.

A warning was added in an [issue]([private]) but the user chose not to reply.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:** https://github.com/JimmyJason28/Muse-Bot

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.** Yes, there are two forks from unrelated people, who have also not updated:

- https://github.com/Looney-Dev/Muse-Bot   
- https://github.com/TheDeveloperBot/Muse-Bot

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**   
Yes, MIT license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**   
The easiest solution is to include the original repository's license as a comment header for each copied file. The license gives permissions for private use, but the copyright and license notices are mandatory.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**   
I only have the name ([private]) and the country ([private]). This is from the GitHub profile and is not verified.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**   
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."** ¿   
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/** I have read it.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**   
Telephone number is: [private]  
Physical Address: [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:** [private]
