**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**      
My name is [private] on behave of theYitu Technologyas the copyright owner.     
     
**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**      
The original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed is solely created by YITU and for internal use only. This item is stored in the company owned private gitlab, and is forbidden to be accessed from public network.      
[private]  
The screenshot shows that the code is created before the upload in github, and stored in local gitlab of YITU.     
     
**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**      
https://github.com/stardustzoe/Tensorflow/tree/master/tensorcv-captcha/tensorcv/     
https://github.com/stardustzoe/Tensorflow/tree/master/deep-health/tensorcv/     
     
**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**      
There is one fork in the infringing files, please help us on how to raise another take down request.     
     
**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**      
The code including calls from the open source Tensorflow, but all the code is created and developed solely by YITU. Since the code is used only internally there is no MIT license mentioned.     
     
**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**      
Please help us to take down all data included in the abovementioned URL.     
     
**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**      
We do not have the information yet.     
     
**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**      
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.     
     
**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**      
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.     
     
**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**      
Yes.     
     
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**      
Mobile: [private]  
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**      
[private] on behave of Shanghai Yitu network technology co. ltd..     
