**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?** 

I am an attorney at Summit Law, PLLC. Summit Law represents Amazon.com, Inc. and is authorized to act on its behalf.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.** 

Amazon's Software Development Engineer II examination question has been infringed. Copies of the infringed material can be accessed at the following links: 

[private]  
[private]  
[private]

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:** 

https://github.com/hansrajdas/algorithms/blob/master/Level-2/remove_obstacle.py

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.** 

The above linked material is the only material that we are aware of at this time.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?** 

N/A

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?** 

Amazon is the sole owner of its SDE II online assessments and all of the test questions comprising those assessments are subject to copyright protection. We request that the user immediately remove the infringing material and cease any future use of Github's service to host Amazon's copyrighted material. Alternatively, we request that Github take down the infringing content and cease providing this user access to your services.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:** 

N/A

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."** 

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."** 

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/** 

I have read Github's Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:** 

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:** 

[private]
