**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**
yes,i am.
**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
my project is not a online project.and i will show the reason that how my project was copyed by someone else.
the guy who put this project on the web,his name is '[private]'，and he put the project on the web after he left our company.then we found the project and ask him to delete the project ,he did that,but someone else 
whos account is github188 ,he download the project ,and put it on the web.and now we cannot connect to github188 to ask him delete our project.  
**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**  
the url is https://github.com/github188/powerapp , the powerapp should be take down or delete entirely.  
**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
no ,we just found this repository and no other forks.  
**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
no ,my project is private，and we had sell out the project to our customer.  
**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**  
the repository should be delete,if not it should be take down at once ，and we will connect github188 to delete it.  
**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
no,we only know that his account is github188 .  
**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.  
**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  
**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
yes i have read this notice.  
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
telephone number：[private]  
address：[private]   
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
my name is [private] and my legal name is “[private]” wuhan huinengxintu Information Technology Co., Ltd.
