**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**     
     
I am the copyright owner of the code against which I am submitting this DMCA takedown notice. Please note that I do not necessarily claim copyright to any code not listed here, including code which may be the property of other members of the Toontown Offline team, past or present, or of The Walt Disney Company.     
     
**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**     
     
The copyrighted work includes portions from the latest version of the game Toontown Offline, version 2.5.7, which is available at https://ttoffline.com. The portions in question include a part of an unreleased endgame event, a system for creation of short story-based minigames known as "episodes", a page that displays statistics about enemies you have defeated which was created to replace one already in the game, and a tool for editing levels which use the game's "factory" system.     
     
**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**     
     
The entire repository is available here: https://github.com/eccentricelephanteatingeasels/ttoff-src     
     
Specifically, the files I would like to submit this claim against are:      
* [toontown/episodes/EpisodeConfig.py](https://github.com/eccentricelephanteatingeasels/ttoff-src/blob/master/toontown/episodes/EpisodeConfig.py)      
* [toontown/duckhuntbossbattle/DistributedVPBossAI.py](https://github.com/eccentricelephanteatingeasels/ttoff-src/blob/master/toontown/duckhuntbossbattle/DistributedVPBossAI.py) (note that some of the history was squished by a rename, you can find more history which shows more of my contribution [[private]](https://github.com/eccentricelephanteatingeasels/ttoff-src/commits/master/toontown/rebornbossbattle/DistributedVPBossAI.py))      
*[toontown/shtiker/SuitPage.py](https://github.com/eccentricelephanteatingeasels/ttoff-src/blob/master/toontown/shtiker/SuitPage.py)      
*All files in the directory [factoryeditor/](https://github.com/eccentricelephanteatingeasels/ttoff-src/tree/tool/factory-editor/factoryeditor) on the tool/factory-editor branch     
     
**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**     
     
I have found two forks of this repository:      
* https://github.com/batroutman/ttoff-src      
* https://github.com/IHateDisyer/ttoff-src     
     
**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**     
     
No. Toontown Offline, as of version 2.0, is closed source.     
     
**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**     
     
There are a few solutions which I find acceptable:      
* Remove this repository entirely.      
* Make this repository private.      
* Remove the files against which this claim is filed **and** remove **all** commits made by me ([private]) from the repository's history, including on branches.     
     
**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**     
     
No, I do not.     
     
**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**     
     
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.     
     
**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**     
     
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.     
     
**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**     
     
I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.     
     
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**     
     
I would seriously prefer any communication to me be sent over email. I prefer not to take calls and physical mail is much less efficient than electronic mail.     
     
If it is necessary, my phone number is [private]. Please note that I will not pick up due to a high number of scam calls; please leave a voicemail.     
     
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**     
     
[private]
