**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**

yes. I am [private] of ShenZhen iBOXPAY Information Technology Co.,Ltd

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

/* 
* Copyright (c) 2011-2016. ShenZhen iBOXPAY Information Technology Co.,Ltd. 
* 
* All right reserved. 
* 
* This software is the confidential and proprietary 
* information of iBoxPay Company of China. 
* ("Confidential Information"). You shall not disclose 
* such Confidential Information and shall use it only 
* in accordance with the terms of the contract agreement 
* you entered into with iBoxpay inc. 
*/

see https://github.com/bbsyaya/baitiao/blob/master/app/src/main/java/com/iboxpay/wallet/ui/AndroidDisplay.java

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**

https://github.com/bbsyaya/baitiao   
https://github.com/anfeirr/baitiao

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

https://github.com/bbsyaya/baitiao   
https://github.com/anfeirr/baitiao

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

Our code is private, not open source. We found that our pre-employee leaked the source code，and the make immediate alarm.

see copyright bellow: 
/* 
* Copyright (c) 2011-2016. ShenZhen iBOXPAY Information Technology Co.,Ltd. 
* 
* All right reserved. 
* 
* This software is the confidential and proprietary 
* information of iBoxPay Company of China. 
* ("Confidential Information"). You shall not disclose 
* such Confidential Information and shall use it only 
* in accordance with the terms of the contract agreement 
* you entered into with iBoxpay inc. 
*/

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

** Must be deleted** !!! The cod is very very private。

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**

Our employee's Github account : [private] (email is [private])，he have been destroyed himself before。And his project has been forked by bbsyaya and anfeirr.

[private] ，found his homepage: [private], is [private]

anfeirr@Github his email is [private]

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

Yes, we have read it.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

Hello Dear Github:   
We Are:   
ShenZhen iBOXPAY Information Technology Co.,Ltd.

It is nice to be able to use Github such a professional platform，and we have a need to be very hopefully able to get Github's support and resolution.

our pre-employee created a Repository called 'baitiao' and two peoples forked it or clone it and reupload the repository,which contained too much sensitive information,such as secret key,database address,very important api key and so on.If these information are found by other people in Github,our company will be left out of pocket.

The following is Github's URL about this Repository:   
https://github.com/bbsyaya/baitiao   
https://github.com/anfeirr/baitiao

Since the reupload repositories and the contains our company's important source code,algorithm and system configuration,,so we hope Giuhub as soon as possible to help us completely remove the reupload repositories and thank you very much 
The following is our contact information:

Company Name：iBOXPAY   
Website: https://www.iboxpay.com/   
My e-mail Address: [private]  
Telephone number:[private]  
Company Address: [private]

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.   
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Hoping for your response and thanks again.   
Please help us!!!

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:** 

[private]
