**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**   
Yes. I am authorized by Darebee.com, as its [private] to act on its behalf in matters of copyright violation.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**   
Github user: 5h3ll0 has posted this app: https://github.com/5h3ll0/darebee-dailyworkout-viewer It contains material directly taken from the Darebee.com website against the explicit ToU of the website (https://darebee.com/terms-of-use.html) and despite the fact that he was expressly told to take it down: [private] when he asked, after the fact.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**   
This entire app: https://github.com/5h3ll0/darebee-dailyworkout-viewer it would not exist withotu our content.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**   
No, I haven't yet.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**   
All our material is created in-house, it is original and copyright protected. We explicitly forbid its use in an app in our ToU: https://darebee.com/terms-of-use.html

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**   
No. We want it to be removed. We hold the copyright and intellectual property of the work and we do not want it published in any app beyond our own.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**   
His profile here is all we have: https://github.com/5h3ll0

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**   
"I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**   
"I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**   
"I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice."

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**   
You can reach me any time on: [private], My [private] address is:   
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**   
[private]
