I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice. 



On behalf of Pearson Education, Inc., I am requesting that you take down (and in the meantime, make private), the following repository as it endangers our IP and makes public keys and data that belong to Pearson and can be used against our company and users. 



User: sreejithwpg [private]  

https://github.com/sreejithwpg  

Repos: [private] AND /terraform



This code belongs to Pearson and has been posted publicly without consent and contains AWS keys that endanger our data and users. (We have been alerted to this danger and request to secure by AWS as well)   



Please make the repo private as soon as possible and take this down.   



Also, is it possible for you to share any information about this user - name, location, etc. Anything that will help in determining the identity or location of the malicious activity will be helpful.   



Thank you.  



[private]  
Pearson Education, Inc.




I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  

-- 
[private]  
 
Pearson  
330 Hudson St New York, NY 10013  
221 River St Hoboken, NJ 07030  
[private]  
