**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**   
Yes, I am the copyright owner.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**   
Our repository was published publicly against the terms of the agreement executed with GitHub handle: khs125. We were notified by [private] that our API keys were visible publicly as part of their routine monitoring.

We operate the company EllaMD, Inc. khs125 was hired as a contractor who agreed to the following terms:

[private]

A previous contractor of my company, EllaMD, has made a copy of our codebase, edited the gitignore configurations to explicitly include all sensitive information, and posted these repositories publicly on GitHub:

https://github.com/khs125/ellamd_skincare_ui   
https://github.com/khs125/ellamd_skincare_api

These repositories contain code which is property of my company and various sensitive credentials (which are now all being rotated, of course), so I request your help in ensuring that the data is no longer publicly exposed.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**   
https://github.com/khs125/ellamd_skincare_ui   
https://github.com/khs125/ellamd_skincare_api

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

neither repository has forks

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

the repos are closed source (but have open-source dependencies)

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

immediate takedown

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**

GitHub handle: khs125   
Email: [private]

The user was initially contacted via [private] but appears to no longer have an active account.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

Confirmed

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[private]
