**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**

I am a representative of HP Inc and am authorized to make the request to take down the material.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The affected file is located in the URL https://github.com/instantinkbeyondsoft/dhlreport/blob/master/dhlrequest.py The project name instantinkbeyondsoft ppoints to our contracting company Beyondsoft. The name instantink is a HP copyright for our ink replenishment solution. From the file it is apparent that it is created for HP by Beyondsoft. It points to our HP internal [private] The file also points to an HP account with DHL auth = [private] Any software written by Beyondsoft employees working for HP projects is HP copyrighted material.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**

https://github.com/instantinkbeyondsoft/dhlreport/blob/master/dhlrequest.py

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

In "advanced search", fork:true is not showing existing forks for the dhlreport repository.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

The material is HP proprietary. It has never been licensed to a third party.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Removal is the only option. The person is exposing HP copyrighted source to the public.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**

No, we have been unable to find the infringer's contact information from our vendor Beyondsoft.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

Yes, I have read the guide.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

[private]

[private]

HP Inc

[private]

[private]

Work: [private]

e-mail: [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[private]
