
Dear GitHub, Inc.  

 

 

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.  

 

Your website is infringing on copyright-protected works owned by Toshiba Global Commerce Solutions Holdings Corporation (“TGCSH”) including the proprietary source code related to the 4690 Operating System to which TGCSH owns the exclusive copyrights. This includes code directly lifted from 4690 Operating System source files and reproduced on the GitHub site, source files themselves, and code that was reverse compiled from a 4690 Operating System compiled executable.

 

The unauthorized and infringing material is located at https://github.com/kholia/4690-OS and was uploaded by [private] under the username kholia. All of the content uploaded to the above URL is unauthorized and infringing.

 

This letter is official notification under Section 512(c) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”). I seek the removal of the infringing material referenced above. Please take note that as a service provider the Digital Millennium Copyright Act requires you to remove or disable access to the infringing materials upon receipt of this notice.

 

The Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act grants service providers such as your company immunity from liability so long as you investigate and rectify this copyright violation in a timely manner. Should your company fail to do so, it may become liable for the infringement.

 

Please remove and disable all access to the aforementioned copyrighted work immediately. I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above as allegedly infringing is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.  

 

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information herein is accurate to the best of my knowledge, and that I am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  

 

Please let me know should you require anything else. Thank you for your help on this matter.    

 

Sincerely,  

 

[private]  

[private]  

[private]  

Phone: [private]  
