Shipt, Inc.      
17 20th St N #100, Birmingham, AL 35203      
[private]      
    
May 9, 2019      
    
VIA E-MAIL – copyright@github.com      
    
GitHub, Inc    
Attn: DMCA Agent    
88 Colin P Kelly Jr St    
San Francisco, CA. 94107    
RE: DMCA Takedown Notice    
    
Dear DMCA Agent of GitHub, Inc.    
I write on behalf of Shipt, Inc. (“Copyright Owner”), the owner of certain copyrighted content displayed on a website you host. We hereby provide notice of copyright infringements pursuant to the terms of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the “Act”) and the “Content Restrictions” section of GitHub, Inc.’s Terms of Service (https://help.github.com/en/articles/github-terms-of-service#c-acceptable-use ).    
Copyright Owner is the owner of the copyrights in the following works (the “Works”):    
    
Images, text, “look and feel” and other authored content relating to the Copyright Owner and Copyright Owner’s service offerings.    
    
Your service located at www.github.com (the “Service”) displays materials that infringe Copyright Owner’s copyrights in the Works. The following is a list of the infringing materials and the URL at which the infringing materials are accessible on the Service:    
    
The content of the GitHub repository “shipt-test” found at www.github.com/shipt, which purports to be copyrighted by Copyright Owner (even though it was not created by Copyright Owner or displayed with permission from Copyright Owner), and which includes images, text, “look and feel” and other content copyrighted by Copyright Owner.    
    
Particularly, as shown in the attached Exhibit A, “shipt-test” consists of HTML code that displays a website containing: (i) three images that are copyrighted by Copyright Owner, (ii) text purporting to copyright the website in the name of Copyright Owner, even though this repository was published without Copyright Owner’s permission or authorship, (iii) text that “Shipt, Inc. and its service are not necessarily endorsed affiliated or by the retailers on this site,” which text is authored by Copyright Owner, and (iv) “look and feel” of the website which is copyrighted by Copyright Owner.    
We have a good faith belief that the use of the Works in the manner described in this letter is not authorized by Copyright Owner, any agent of Copyright Owner, or any applicable law. The information in this notification is accurate. We swear under penalty of perjury that we are authorized to act on behalf of Copyright Owner with respect to the subject matter of this letter    
    
We therefore request that you remove or disable access to the infringing materials as set forth in Section 512(c)(1)(C) and Section 512(d)(3) of the Act and pursuant to your Terms and Conditions. Please contact the undersigned no later than one week from the date of this letter to confirm that the infringing materials have been removed or access disabled. The undersigned may be contacted at the contact information set forth below as follows:    
    
Name: Shipt, Inc., c/o [private], [private]  
Address: 17 20th St. N., #100, Birmingham, AL 35203   
Telephone: [private]      
Email: [private]  
Please advise if you have any questions about the foregoing.    
Shipt, Inc.    
By: [private]  
Its: [private]  
Attachment    
