
Hello Dear GitHub  
? ??? ? It is nice to be able to use Github such a professional and efficient platform, ?and now i have?a need to be very hopefully able to get Github's support and resolution.  
I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.  
? ? ? ? ?I ?created a Repository called sso in GitHub last year july ,whic contained ?creators ,contents anddomain named ([private]) are all owned by me, Later found that before?i deleted ,the user named?4ft35t ?completely copied my entire Repository,and the users (hwiosec,selfighter,white-alone)?forked the?Repository named sso ?from?4ft35t ,and it still exists.? ??? ? The follwing is my Github's Url and Screesshots about my ?Repository.

? ??? ??The follwing is?the?Repository named sso which has only a?Submitter . the submitter is me.the user named?4ft35t ?completely copied my entire Repository whic has been?deleted? by me.And the users (hwiosec,selfighter,white-alone)?forked the?Repository named sso ?from?4ft35t .?The follwing is:  
Since the?Repository?whic come from the?users(4ft35t,hwiosec,selfighter,white-alone) contains my and my company'simportant source code ,algorithm and system configuration information ,belonging tothe company's internal data assets ,so we hope Github as soon as possible to help us completely remove the?Repository? and thank you very much.The follwing is the Repositor 's url:https://github.com/4ft35t/sso

https://github.com/hwiosec/sso

https://github.com/selfighter/sso

https://github.com/white-alone/sso?  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  
The follwing is my contact information:?My e-mail Adress :?[private]?Cell-phone: [private]?Address :[private]GitHub Website:[private]  
Hoping for your response,and thanks again.  
Ps:?Attachment is my handwritten signature and important evidence  

[private]
