Hello Dear Github：  
It's nice to be able to use github such a professional and efficient platform, and now we have a need to be very hopefully able to get Github's support and resolution.  
I have read and understand Github's Guide to Filling a DMCA Notice.  
a years ago, because I didn't understand Chinese laws, I mistakenly linked the government project to github and made it public! But now, the Shenzhen Development and Reform Commission found the repo and pursued my criminal responsibility, saying that I leaked government secrets. I realized the seriousness of the matter and immediately deleted the repo under our organization. I thought that things would come to an end. The Shenzhen Development and Reform Commission once again found the forked repo on github, and immediately sent a letter to our company to order me to delete it immediately. Because of this, I have been expelled from the company. If I can't delete this forked repo, Will be sentenced! These days, I also tried various ways to contact the user, but I won't get a reply, so I hope github can help me!  
The following is Github's URL and Screenshots about our forked Repository：  
https://github.com/murphygao/development-policy

Since development-policy is a government project of cooperation with the company, and the Chinese government pays special attention to similar information security, the html code in the project cannot be made public. I hope github can help me delete the repo. Since murphygao fork the repo, I have not made any changes, so I really hope that github can help me!
The following is our coontact information:

company Name: Shenzhen longrise Technology Co., Ltd.

My email Address: [private]

Cellphone: [private]

Company Address: [private]

Website: http://www.longrise.com.cn/LONGRISE/longrise_home  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or it's agent, or the law.I have taken fair use into consideration.  
And "Also include the following statement:" I swear,under penalty of perjury,that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed

Hoping for your response and thanks again!

[private]  
2019-01-12
