**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**

Yes. I'm writing you on behalf of cloudwalk; we are a private company. Our official site is www.cloudwalk.cn

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

1. This repository is served in our company's private server and private network. Here we affiliate Exhibit01 to show that our repository [private] is "All rights reserved"; and the document structure of the infringed material is the same with our own repository [private]

2. The [document in the infringed repository](https://github.com/lixiawss/FaceGo_Code/tree/master/doc) is also the same with our private repository; for example, you can check the document link and our Exhibit02 (The "云之眼" is our products name.) [private]  

3. If you open a file in the infringed material, for instance but not limited to Exhibit03 [this document](https://github.com/lixiawss/FaceGo_Code/blob/master/doc/%E4%BA%91%E4%B9%8B%E7%9C%BC%E8%BA%AB%E4%BB%BD%E8%AE%A4%E8%AF%81%E6%9C%8D%E5%8A%A1%E7%AB%AF(%E4%BA%BA%E8%84%B8%E8%AF%86%E5%88%AB)%E5%BC%80%E5%8F%91%E6%89%8B%E5%86%8CV1.25.doc), you can see the company logo and our official website link. [private]

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**

https://github.com/lixiawss/FaceGo_Code

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

We have searched the github and found no other fork of the repository currently. If nobody else forks the repository in the meantime of the takedown, our main concern for now will only be the URL in the last question. But if someone else forks the repository during the time of the DMCA investigation period, we request those forks to be taken down immediately.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No. This work is not licensed under any open source license. This is privately owned and all rights reserved as shown in Exhibit01.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

Please take down the material immediately as the repository is privately owned.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**

No. We don't have the infringer's contact information. If github has that information, we kindly hope you can provide it.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

I have read the Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

Tel: [private]; [private]

Email: [private]; [private]  
If you need to call, please first contact our Chinese(+86) phone number. Thanks.

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
[private]  
