We confirm that the repository called “Reuters-full-data-set” located here https://github.com/philipperemy/Reuters-full-data-set hosts Reuters content which can be found at https://www.reuters.com/resources/archive/us/ .  
Every entry we have checked infringes our copyright however please note that we do not have the resources to check every single entry (of which there are over 8,551,441). We no longer have this archived content on our website: the archive pages that were available on Reuters.com have now been blocked so that this type of infringement does not continue to occur.   
The infringing content is clearly Reuters content. It even calls it Reuters content on the website.  
We reiterate our demand that you:· Permanently delete and remove all copies of our data and stop hosting data that infringes Reuters intellectual property rights;· Permanently delete and remove all metatags, keywords, visible or hidden texts including the Reuters trademark presently appearing on the above-cited web site(s) and any other web site(s), or draw this issue to the attention of the appropriate person(s).  
Thomson Reuters is not aware of any instance in which it has provided you or your representative or any site users a license to reproduce its protected content and trademarks.   
Please contact your Thomson Reuters account manager if you believe we have issued this notice in error.  
We have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. We have taken fair use into consideration.  
We swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that we are the copyright owner, or are authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  
This communication does not constitute a full recitation of the facts related to this matter and is without prejudice to Thomson Reuters rights, claims and defences, all of which are expressly reserved.  

Sincerely,   
[private]  
[private] 
610 Opperman Drive Eagan Minnesota, 55123     
[private]
