Hello, GitHup  
First of all, thank you very much for your company to provide such a good sharing platform to our developers for free. Githup is very helpful for us, which is inseparable from your hard work.  
I have read and understood the GitHub guidelines for submitting DMCA notices.  
Our company now has a project that is still under development, but due to some improper operation, the Android source code is uploaded to the public library of githup, and has been forked by others. Now the uploaded library has been deleted, but others have forked this project. The library still exists. This user name is xishoufirandroid, we tried to contact him, but could not contact me.  
Provide git project addresses related to infringement of intellectual property rights:  
https://github.com/xishouforandroid/CXJPadProject  
Screenshot below:  
I hope githup officially takes action to completely remove this project, thank you very much!  

According to the requirements, the following is my contact information:  
GitHup: fengdongfei  
Name: [private]  
Mobile phone number: [private]  
Address: [private]  
E-mail: [private]  

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration  

AND "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed"  

I look forward to hearing from you, thank you again!  
| |  
[private]    
