**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**  
Yes, I am [private] of Weblinc, an ecommerce software company that makes a platform called Workarea.     https://www.weblinc.com https://www.workarea.com

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
Two repositories have been posted by contractors of Weblinc, who had no authorization to make this work public. One repository is an older version of the platform, containing the complete source code to the platform at that point in time. The other is a newer version which references the libraries that are the platform now, and contains customizations/implementations made specifically for a client. We've reached out to them via the email addresses in the Git logs, but haven't heard back.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**  
[repository removed by owner]  
https://github.com/Glynk0613/ror-serversetting

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
Yes, this was all we could find.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
No, the platform and its implementation are owned by Weblinc Corp.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  
No, the entire codebases published are infringement.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
We were only able to obtain the information from the Git commits and Github profiles:  
[private]  
https://github.com/Glynk0613/ror-serversetting - [private]

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
Yes, I have read this guide.

[private]

[private]  
Weblinc  
22 S 3rd St  
Philadelphia, PA 19106

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
[private]
