**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**

I, [private], am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is being infringed.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Epic Games, Inc. (“Epic”) has created and licenses the proprietary video game software known as Fortnite (http://www.epicgames.com/fortnite). In addition to Epic’s copyright in Fortnite, Epic has registered the Fortnite mark (registration numbers: 4481629 and 5375076, among others), and has various common law trademark rights related to Fortnite (collectively, “Intellectual Property Rights”).



**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**

https://github.com/mq1n/FORTNITE-HACK-1

https://github.com/wouback/FORTNITE-HACK

https://github.com/Roshly/Skin-Royale



**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**



**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**



Epic Games, Inc. is the sole owner of the copyright to “Fortnite” in accordance with Title 17 of the U.S. Code. Thus, Epic Games possesses the exclusive right to reproduce, modify, post, and/or distribute those materials or to grant others permission to exercise one or more of those rights. Epic Games highly values our intellectual property, because it is an extremely important component of our business and overall success. The software at issue enables unauthorized access to copyrighted material, and thus constitutes contributory and/or induced copyright infringement.



**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**



Removal.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**

No.



**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**



I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.



**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**



I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.



**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**



Yes, I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.



**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**



I may be contacted as follows: [private], [private], [private], [private]



**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**



[private]
