*Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s
behalf?*  
Yes  
*Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work
that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it
is posted online.*  
https://github.com/s0md3v/ReconDog/blob/39e45e8adeabfbc9d9a7fd33cd15d81547f547d6/dog.py  
https://github.com/s0md3v/Striker/blob/master/plugins/theHarvester.py  
*What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if
the entire repository, the repository’s URL:*  
https://github.com/joker25000/Devploit  
*Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or
repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified
separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.*  
No I haven't and don't care about the forks.  
*Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open
source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the
open source license, or are they in violation of the license?*  
MIT & Apache license  
*What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there
specific changes the other person can make other than removal?*  
To comply with the license guidelines, the user needs to give credits to
the original author.  
*Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please
provide it:*  
[private]  
*Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith
belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the
infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its
agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."*  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described
above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner,
or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.  

*Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty
of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that
I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner,
of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."*  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed.  
*Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA
Takedown Notice:  
https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/*  
Yes, I have read it.  
*So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone
number or physical address:*  
[private]  
*Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:*  
[private]  
