Dear sirs,  
It has come to our attention that the he following Github projects (the “Projects”):  
https://github.com/gitter-badger/FiverrAPI  
https://github.com/lukakostic/FiverrAPI  
https://github.com/pacukluka/FiverrAPI  
make an unauthorized use of the proprietary source code (the “Source Code”) of Fiverr International
Ltd. (“Fiverr”), including by publishing the Source Code on GitHub.  
The owners of the Projects neither asked for nor received permission from Fiverr to use its Source Code
and they have willfully infringed Fiverr’s intellectual Property rights and could be liable for damages.  
We demand that you, (a) immediately cease and desist and/or cause the owner of the Projects to cease
and desist this unlawful use of the Source Code by removing the Projects, including all forks or subprojects (if any); and (b) provide us with prompt written assurance within five (5) days that you have
fully complied with the above.  
In the event that you fail to meet this demand, we will consider pursuing all legal remedies available to
rectify this situation, including seeking monetary damages, injunctive relief, and an order that you pay
court costs and attorney’s fees. Please be advised that your liability and exposure under such legal
action could be considerable.  
We state that we have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is
not authorized by the copyright owner (Fiverr International Ltd.), its agent, or the law.  
We state that the information in this letter is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the
complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly
infringed.  
Sincerely,  
Legal Department  
Fiverr International Ltd.  
[private]
