Official DMCA Copyright Notice for Github Repo: [private]

1. I ([private]) have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

2. Our software program titled, Cinemagraphly, has had the source code stolen from our [private] repository by a freelance developer and then reposted (publicly) to their own Github account: https://github.com/goldenstar999 under the title: cinema_app

https://github.com/goldenstar999/cinema_app 

We were alerted to this by Google Firebase security, as they stated that our API appeared to be used by a stolen IP address and used to “mine cryptocurrency”. Clearly not us or something we would ever do. Google included the URL to this Github account, which we then saw a 100% copy of our [private] repository. We did some internal research and compared some of the public code under the Github account: goldenstar999 and have noticed very similar documentation and “push” comments that this freelance developer had used with our software, Cinemagraphly. We also found connections from this goldenstar999 account with another Github account with stolen repositories. We have since fired this developer.

This is our code. We own the website: www.cinemagraphly.com where we planned to released our video creation software (Cinemagraphly). 

3. The entire repository was stolen, copied, and re-uploaded to this freelance developer’s account. The name of our repo is: [private] which is listed under our account: [private]  
It was copied and renamed to: cinema_app and posted to the developer’s GH account titled: goldenstarr999 (and maybe elsewhere, but we’re only aware of this 1 account)

4. They need to delete the repository immediately and completely from this account, from their local computer, and anywhere else that they have the source code stored.

5. Contact Information:  
[private]  


6. Github Account: https://github.com/goldenstar999  
Potential name: [private]  
Potential email address: [private]

We are not 100% sure if this is how the source code was stolen, but are 99% sure. But we are 100% sure that the repo listed on that Github account is a direct copy of our [private] repo, which is private and owned by our company.

7. I ([private]) have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

8. I ([private]) swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

[private]  
[private] Bryxen, Inc.
