
Hi, Dear Github  

This is Beijing Kingsoft Cloud Network Technology Co., Ltd. We’re happy to be able to use your professional and efficient platform, and we’re eager to get your support and solutions currently.  

We have read and understood the intention to submit DMCA notices.  

On January 11, 2019, we found a project called "[private]" showed in your platform. Due to the important configuration data of our company, we found the relevant personnel to delete the project immediately, but after that, we found that the account named "P79N6A" has a fork copy and it still exists.

Here are screenshots of the URL and fork branch in Github:

The original account:
[private]

The account with the fork copy:

[private]

Since the files in "P79N6A/--1" account contain important configuration information and internal data assets of our company, we hope that Github could help us to delete the “P79N6A/--1” as soon as possible. Thank you very much.

Our Contacts:  
Company Name: Beijing Kingsoft Cloud Network Technology Co., Ltd.  
Company Address: Kingsoft Tower, No.33 Xiao Ying West Road, Haidian District, Beijing  
Website: https://www.ksyun.com  

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  
Hoping for your response and thanks again.  

[private]

[private] | KingSoft Cloud Inc. | Beijing, CHINA  
Cell: [private]  
