**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**  

[private]: Yes, my name is [private]. I am [private] of SEGGER Microcontroller GmbH. SEGGER Microcontroller is developer and copyright owner of the GUI software emWin.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  

[private]: The GUI emWin has been developed by SEGGER. The professional embedded GUI emWin enables the creation of highly efficient, and high quality graphical user interfaces on any embedded system. For more infos please visit our website: https://www.segger.com/products/user-interface/emwin/

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**  

[private]: Please take down the entire repository. Under the following link you find the source code of the GUI emWin exposed as free download on Githup:
https://github.com/fazibear/Misa-Kitara-AP/tree/master/GUI

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  

[private]: No, I did not search for any forks.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  

[private]: The emWin source code is not open source software. The source code consists of proprietary, closed source software protected under applicable copyright and trade secret laws. The emWin source code hosted on Githup includes the copyright notice of SEGGER.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  

[private]: No, removal of the complete repository at: https://github.com/fazibear/Misa-Kitara-AP/tree/master/GUI
is required.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**  

[private]: No , we don’t have it.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyr[private]hted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  

[private]: I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyr[private]ht owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  

[private]: I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  

[private]: I did.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  

[private]: Phone number: [private], email: [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  

[private]:  
SEGGER Microcontroller GmbH  
[private]  
Ecolab-Allee 5  
40789 Monheim am Rhein, Germany  
[private]  
Tel.: [private]  
Fax: [private]  
