I am the copyright owner.

My original copyright repository URL is [private]. I have cancelled my [private] account today due to version issues. Original account: [private], registered mailbox: [private] You should be able to check the background of my account before deletion of historical records, right?

the repository’s URL should be taken down: https://github.com/soldiers1989/AbcMarketing.git

I have carefully examined the suspected infringement repository https://github.com/soldiers1989/AbcMarketing.git, which currently has only one master branch.

Because the original repository involves version issues, it has been deleted from the repository, and the corresponding account has been cancelled, so there is no open source protocol.

For the infringement involved, we hope you will delete the infringement repository immediately. Of course, for the sake of insurance, to prevent deletion by mistake, you can also hide the right of public access to the outside world first, and set up projects that are not visible before more forks. The infringer is to be found and dealt with further.

I have no contact information for the infringer under command. At present, only his nickname can be found on the website. Should you check the infringer's registered mailbox or other contact information from this repository address (https://github.com/soldiers1989/AbcMarketing.git)? When you find his registered mailbox, please let me know, or you can send him an email and tell him how to contact me, so that he can contact us immediately. My email address is: [private]  

"I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."

"I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."

I confirm that I has read the Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/

Contact number: [private]  
Contact email: [private] 

[private]  
