Dear abuse@github.com,

SYDA Foundation is the exclusive owner of numerous trademarks, service marks, and copyrights, including, but not limited to (Swami) MUKTANANDA, (Swami) CHIDVILASANANDA, GURUMAYI and SIDDHA YOGA, as well as all of its pictures, songs, text, images, likenesses, and rights of publicity. The core purpose of the SYDA Foundation is to protect, preserve, and facilitate the dissemination of the Siddha Yoga teachings worldwide. The SYDA Foundation only participates in activities that are related to this core purpose. It does not endorse or seek publicity in regard to any business or commercial enterprise or any endeavor not related to the SYDA Foundation. As such, SYDA FOUNDATION vigilantly protects its intellectual property rights and does not tolerate any infringement of the same.

SYDA FOUNDATION has discovered that there is a site in your network that offers a SYDA Foundation copyrighted publication, “The Self is Already Attained” by Swami Muktananda for download without permission. This infringing content is located at the following URL(s):

http://blog.davi.cz/cl06dz4kplyk/00-christelle-bailey-10/read-9780911307740-the-self-is-already-attained-2nd-edition-paperba.pdf

The above mentioned publication is offered for sale at SYDA Siddha Yoga book store located at:

http://siddhayogabookstore.org/theselfisalreadyattained.aspx

SYDA FOUNDATION demands that you immediately disable access to the infringing content at the URLs identified above.

I have good faith belief that the use of the copyrighted material described above is not authorized by the copyright owner, SYDA Foundation, its agent, or by protection of law.

I swear under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. The demands made herein are not made to the exclusion of other remedies to which SYDA Foundation is entitled and SYDA Foundation specifically reserves the right to seek all remedies available to it under law as a result of these infringing activities.

Regards,

[private]

Intellectual Property Department  
SYDA Foundation  
P.O. Box 600  
371 Brickman Road  
South Fallsburg, New York 12779-0600  
Phone number: [private]  
E-mail: [private]
