**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**  

I am authorized to act on behalf of General Motors LLC ("GM").  

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  

The original proprietary works contain several pricing and logistics compilations. These works have not been published and are not subject to fair use.  

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**  

Here is the URL: https://github.com/garridoangelica/GM-Capstone  

The files are entitled: Container Names with Pricing.xlsx, DATA.xlsx, GM Dash.pbix, MR.PNG, README.md, SPHData.xlsx, data_sph.py, distances.py, distances.xlsx, and main.PNG.  

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  

We are not aware of any forks.  

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  

These works are not licensed under an open source license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  

Full removal of all documents within the GM-Capstone file.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**  

We do not have the alleged infringer's contact information.  

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  

I have read GitHub's Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  

300 Renaissance Center  
Detroit, MI 48265-3000  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  

[private]  
