Subject: Takedown request for Dolby’s proprietary code illicitly published on GitHub

Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?

Yes, I am authorized to act on behalf of Dolby Laboratories Licensing Corporation and Dolby Laboratories, Inc., the copyright owners.

Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online:

Dolby’s proprietary source code for audio technologies. Although Dolby’s source code is proprietary and not public, general information related to Dolby technologies can be reviewed at the following URL: https://www.dolby.com/us/en/home/index.html

What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:

In the list of links below, the repository entitled “DolbyAtmosS8” should be taken down, including all files and sub-directories in the “DolbyAtmosS8” repository:

1	https://github.com/Magisk-Modules-Repo/DolbyAtmosS8

Forks for above repository identified below:

2	https://github.com/JohnFawkes/DolbyAtmosS8

Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.

Yes. The forks that Dolby has located to date are identified above.

Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?

Dolby does not provide an open source license to the source code at issue here, and the infringing files are not permitted by Dolby. Indeed, the header that Dolby uses in its source code, indicating that the code is confidential and belongs to Dolby, appears in two of the repositories identified above.

What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?

Removal of the contents of the “DolbyAtmosS8” repository, including all files and sub-directories. There are no changes that the person can make other than removal of the “DolbyAtmosS8” repository and its content.

Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:

According to github user information for those projects:

(the number of the user information corresponds to the number of the link reported above)  
1 name:	, username:	[private]	, email:  
2 name: [private]	, username:	[private]	, email:

Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:

[private]

[private]

Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:

[private]
