**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**

Yes, I am the sole owner of the work that has been infringed by the Github user.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The original work was posted from the links below, the other party stole 100% of my copyrighted code without my permission nor did he give credit as shown by the proof I've compiled.

Original Release Announcement and Links:  
https://discord.gg/JCCExJu  
[private]  

IMPORTANT PROOF: [private]  

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**

The entire GPU miner, this includes every single file in this release since it's 100% my code and work.

https://github.com/skypool-org/skypool-nimiq-miner/releases/tag/v1.3.3

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wishes to have it taken down.**

This is the only release that's infringing my work at the moment.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

The code was issued under the following license https://choosealicense.com/no-permission/. The entire codebase is 100% copied without my consent as the proof shows.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

The code is 100% my code as I have shown with the proof illustrated, and so no changes can be made since it's all my hard work.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**

[private]  
Blog: [private]  
Website: [private]  
Email: [private]  
Github: [private]  
Discord: [private]  

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

I confirm that I have taken the time to read the Github Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[private]
