Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf? If you are submitting this notice on behalf of a company, please be sure to use an email address on the company's domain. If you use a personal email address for a notice submitted on behalf of a company, we may not be able to process it.**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

Yes

**Please provide the Zendesk ticket number of your previously submitted notice. Zendesk ticket numbers are 7 digit ID numbers located in the subject line or body of your confirmation email.**

4028795

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

The code you're reporting, found in the link to the post, uses technology copyrighted by Korea Mobile Authentication, Inc., the company I work for. Only users who have signed a contract with Korea Mobile Authentication, Inc. can access our services by providing the source code. The post you're reporting was posted by a user who is not under contract with us. I'm making this request as a [private] for Korea Mobile Authentication, Inc.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed.**

You can access Korea Mobile Certification Co., Ltd.'s certification services through the relevant source code (tr_cert, icert) for calling our services at the link provided.    
The post you are reporting was posted without permission by a user who is not under contract with us. Therefore, we request the removal of the module and related code.

**If the original work referenced above is available online, please provide a URL.**

Companies providing original services : Korea Mobile Certification Co., Ltd. - https://www.kmcert.com  
Sites where you can use our services : [private] - [private] (SignUp Click)

**We ask that a DMCA takedown notice list every specific file in the repository that is infringing, unless the entire contents of the repository are infringing on your copyright. Please clearly state that the entire repository is infringing, OR provide the specific files within the repository you would like removed.**

**Based on the above, I confirm that:**

Specific files within the repository are infringing

**Identify only the specific file URLs within the repository that is infringing:**

1. Exposed copyright infringement source URL :   https://github.com/dogyu9572/polymer/blob/2e7d85dc1061409dd081483797ef4fb75b8dc6fa/module/member/member_cert.php  
2. Exposed copyright infringement source URL :   https://github.com/dogyu9572/polymer/blob/2e7d85dc1061409dd081483797ef4fb75b8dc6fa/module/member/member_cert_ok.php

The above URL is a sample source code provided only to users who have signed a contract with Korea Mobile Authentication Co., Ltd., and is the URL of a post published without permission on the GitHub repository. It contains the source code for service calls and data encryption/decryption related to the use of Korea Mobile Authentication Co., Ltd.'s services. Specifically, the code corresponding to lines 14-104 of the "member_cert.php" file and the entire code of the "member_cert_ok.php" file are sources that infringe upon the copyrighted work of Korea Mobile Authentication Co., Ltd.  
The infringed sources are essential for using our Korea Mobile Authentication (KMA) services and are provided only to users who have signed a contract with KMA. The user who posted the source code in question has posted it without KMA's consent, and we request that the post be removed.

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

Provision or use of our services is prohibited to any company other than those contracted with us. Unless you have signed a service agreement with us, we do not provide related libraries (modules) or service implementation sources. Furthermore, even if you have signed a service agreement with us, unauthorized posting of content related to our works in open spaces like GitHub is illegal and we may hold you legally accountable.

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

It is unclear whether the defendant project has entered into a contract with us, and it is presumed that a third party other than the party with whom the contract was made posted without permission. Therefore, we at Korea Mobile Certification Co., Ltd. may hold them legally responsible for this.

**If you are reporting an allegedly infringing fork, please note that each fork is a distinct repository and <i>must be identified separately</i>. Please read more about <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">forks.</a> As forks may often contain different material than in the parent repository, if you believe any of the repositories or files in the forks are infringing, please list each fork URL below:**

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full name for your signature.**

[private]
