While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf? If you are submitting this notice on behalf of a company, please be sure to use an email address on the company's domain. If you use a personal email address for a notice submitted on behalf of a company, we may not be able to process it.**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am the copyright holder, representing [private] Team members ([private], [private], and [private] of the proprietary software "Gothaj 4" and its predecessor "Gothaj 3". I am submitting this takedown on behalf of the Gothaj organization, which commercially distributes Gothaj 4. While Gothaj 3 was released for a small fee in obfuscated binary form through our official store, its source code was never made public or licensed for decompilation, modification, or redistribution. Any reposting or forking of decompiled or modified versions of Gothaj 3's source code on GitHub is unauthorized and infringes on our copyright.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed.**

Gothaj 4 and Gothaj 3 are original Minecraft modifications developed and owned by the Gothaj organization. Gothaj 4 is a paid, closed-source product actively maintained and distributed through our official [private] server to verified customers. It enhances Minecraft 1.8.9 gameplay with advanced PvP features such as combat modules, movement automation, custom click GUIs, visual enhancements, and performance utilities. It is promoted on our official [private] channel at [private], as well as on [private], which links directly to our sales contact on [private].

Gothaj 3 is the direct predecessor to Gothaj 4. It was publicly released for a small fee in obfuscated binary form (.jar file) via our official store, but at no point was the source code released or licensed for decompilation, modification, or redistribution. The software was obfuscated to protect proprietary code, and its release did not grant permission to reverse engineer or rehost the source code in any form, as explicitly stated in our videos and [private] servers: "Disclaimer: Gothaj 3 is pay-to-use, but the code is proprietary. You are not permitted to decompile, deobfuscate, modify, or redistribute the software or its source code in any form."

**If the original work referenced above is available online, please provide a URL.**

**We ask that a DMCA takedown notice list every specific file in the repository that is infringing, unless the entire contents of the repository are infringing on your copyright. Please clearly state that the entire repository is infringing, OR provide the specific files within the repository you would like removed.**

**Based on the above, I confirm that:**

The entire repository is infringing

**Identify the full repository URL that is infringing:**

https://github.com/fmcpe/Gothaj  
https://github.com/TrilliumSolutions/Gothaj-3.0-Alpha  
https://github.com/6000IQPLAY/Gothaj3.3.0-1  
https://github.com/longathelstan/Gothaj-3.3.1  
https://github.com/kongbai199/Gothaj3.3.0.1  
https://github.com/radmanplays/gothaj  
https://github.com/Fa1ths/Gothaj-Client-decompiled

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

For Gothaj 4, we use a Hardware ID (HWID)-based authentication system with forum credentials integration which can be seen at https://forums.gothaj.top to control access to our software. When a user purchases the client, they receive invite code to forums where they can download it, when client is launched, unique HWID is whitelisted and stored in our secure database. Our custom loader verifies the user's HWID during login, and only if the credentials and HWID are authorized the client is loaded from our server. Our API servers, which handle authentication and validation, are hosted at Oracle VPS for this purpose. In addition, the software is protected using code obfuscation to prevent reverse engineering and tampering.

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

These repositories inherit the same unauthorized, deobfuscated code from the previously old build "Gothaj 3” project and continue to bypass our protection mechanisms, including HWID and forums authentication.

**If you are reporting an allegedly infringing fork, please note that each fork is a distinct repository and <i>must be identified separately</i>. Please read more about <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">forks.</a> As forks may often contain different material than in the parent repository, if you believe any of the repositories or files in the forks are infringing, please list each fork URL below:**

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full name for your signature.**

[private]
