Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

Note: Because the reported network that contained the allegedly infringing content was larger than one hundred (100) repositories, and the submitter alleged that all or most of the forks were infringing to the same extent as the parent repository, GitHub processed the takedown notice against the entire network of 4,195 repositories, inclusive of the parent repository. 

---

Dear [private]  

We represent WeChat International Pte. Ltd., Shenzhen Tencent Computer Systems Company Limited, and Tencent Technology (Shenzhen) Company Limited (collectively “Tencent”). As you likely know, Tencent is the developer of—and owner of all intellectual property and other rights in and to—the popular messaging and social media platform Weixin, a service provided in mainland [private], as well as Weixin’s sister service WeChat, which is provided internationally (together, “WeChat/Weixin”). Tencent’s rights extend, without limitation, to all rights under U.S. and intentional copyright as well as under the Terms of Service promulgated by Tencent governing use of WeChat/Weixin.

Tencent uses numerous technological measures to ensure the privacy and security of personal communications and media transmitted using WeChat/Weixin, which are stored in encrypted form on users’ local devices using proprietary database methods. Such protections are crucial because they guarantee the integrity of a user’s entire history of interactions using WeChat/Weixin, including material subject to third-party copyright and privacy concerns.

It has come to our attention that GitHub is hosting multiple user repositories that illegally offer tools for circumventing Tencent’s methods for preventing unauthorized access to and reproduction of the entire message histories of WeChat/Weixin users, allowing their export and transmittal in unencrypted form. For purposes of background, on July 8, 2025, counsel for Tencent sent a notice to GitHub concerning the public availability on GitHub of such repositories, setting forth therein several ways that these materials endangered the security and privacy of WeChat/Weixin, violated U.S. and international law, and constituted breach of both the WeChat/Weixin and GitHub Terms of Service (the “July 8, 2025 Notice”). We refer you to GitHub Support Ticket Nos. 3548664, 3548668, and 3548845. Notwithstanding the July 8, 2025 Notice, the materials at issue were not removed, following a terse communication from GitHub
stating that it was not believed that such materials violated GitHub’s Terms of Service. 

We write this letter to communicate the urgent nature of the threats posed by the continuing availability of such unlawful materials on GitHub, which are proliferating and cause severe harm both to Tencent and to global users of WeChat/Weixin. Attached as Exhibit A hereto is a representative, non-exhaustive list of such repositories, which in many instances have been forked (i.e. copied) hundreds of times, often along with multiple software “releases” (hereinafter collectively, the “Illegal Repositories”).

For the reasons outlined below, we request that GitHub expeditiously remove or disable the Illegal Repositories, and take appropriate steps to prevent the future uploading and/or storage of the same or similar repositories on the GitHub platform. 

I. The Illegal Repositories Violate Section 1201 of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act.

The Illegal Repositories offer software code and documentation permitting unauthorized extraction and decryption of the full chat histories of WeChat/Weixin users. These histories are stored in a local database within WeChat/Weixin, which Tencent protects from access through use of a proprietary encryption algorithm, unique encryption keys, and a proprietary database protocol. A typical Illegal Repository thus explains its essential function as “[c]racking
encrypted [W]e[C]hat message history from android.” (See, e.g., https://github.com/ppwwyyxx/wechat-dump/.)

Locating the encryption key that protects a WeChat/Weixin user’s chat history requires reverse engineering of the WeChat/Weixin client and scanning its process memory for this key, which is not exposed to users or third parties and normally is inaccessible. As explained by the “ReadMe” file of the repository referenced above, “We reverse-engineered the storage protocol of WeChat messages, and provide this tool to decrypt and parse WeChat messages on a rooted android phone” (emphasis added). Such techniques blatantly violate 17 U.S.C. §§1201(a)(1)(A) and 1201(a)(2), which prohibit unauthorized circumvention of technological measures that control access to copyright-protected works and the trafficking of devices offered for this purpose. They equally violate 17 U.S.C. §1201(b)(1), which prohibits trafficking of tools or devices intended for circumventing technological measures protecting the rights of a copyright
owner.

The technological protection measures being circumvented through the Illegal Repositories need not exist to protect Tencent’s copyrights alone. The encrypted message database of a WeChat/Weixin user typically consists of communications and media exchanged by numerous third parties, implicating not only privacy concerns but also protection of third-party copyrighted materials. Tencent is directly harmed by the unauthorized access to and copying of these materials, which risks the safety and stability of the entire WeChat/Weixin ecosystem. Numerous courts, noting the broadness of the DMCA’s anti-circumvention statute, have held that such interests give rise to cognizable claims under the DMCA, and to civil liability for the parties found responsible. See, e.g. Echostar Satellite, L.L.C. v. Viewtech, Inc., 543 F. Supp. 2d 1201, 1205–06 (S.D. Cal. 2008) (satellite provider properly asserted circumvention claims under Section 1201 for tools facilitating access to encrypted content it did not own, noting that “[n]othing in the DMCA limits standing to the copyright owner…. Instead, the statute states that ‘[a]ny person injured by a violation of section 1201 or 1202 may bring a civil action …for such a violation.’) (quoting 17 U.S.C. § 1203(a)); Pisciotti v. Brittingham, No. 20-CV-05924-LK, 2022 WL 2392198, at *14 (W.D. Wash. July 1, 2022) (“The Court does not mean to suggest that only copyright owners have standing to bring DMCA claims.”) (citing Echostar, 543 F. Supp. 2d at 1205); see also, e.g., CoxCom, Inc. v. Chaffee, No. CIVA 05–107S, 2006 WL 1793184 at *10 (D.R.I. June 26, 2006) (holding that an “entity which controls access to the copyright[ed] material” could assert a circumvention-based claim under DMCA).

Nor is there any plausible use case for software that offers to “back up” WeChat/Weixin’s encrypted message database by exporting it, unencrypted and unsecure, to a local device. Tencent already offers secure tools that permit the backup and migration of encrypted chat histories stored on WeChat/Weixin, which function without illegal circumvention and within the bounds of the application’s Terms of Service, and without making unauthorized copies of thirdparty copyrighted material. See https://help.wechat.com/cgi-bin/micromsgbin/oshelpcenter?opcode=2&id=161223jinnij161223qiabin&lang=en; https://support.weixin.qq.com/cgi-bin/readtemplate?t=weixin_winbakup_upgrade. See also Figure 1 below. The Illegal Repositories thus squarely fall within the anti-circumvention provisions of Section 1201. 

[private]

II. The Illegal Repositories Violate and Induce Violation of the WeChat/Weixin Terms of Service, Unlawfully Interfering with Tencent’s Contracts.

In addition to the above, the Illegal Repositories rely upon and induce the violation of the WeChat/Weixin Terms of Service, constituting intentional interference with enforceable contracts between Tencent and users of WeChat/Weixin. Every aspect of the Illegal Repositories contravenes contractual provisions that users of WeChat/Weixin agree to uphold when adhering to these Terms of Service and their incorporated policies, which are attached for reference to this letter as Exhibits B through D.1

For example, the WeChat Terms of Use at wechat.com, together with the Acceptable Use Policy
(“AUP”) incorporated therein, provide, inter alia:

 “You may not copy, modify, create derivative works, reverse compile, reverse engineer
or extract source codes from WeChat Software…” (see section “Our Intellection Property
Rights”);

 that users “grant other WeChat users a non-exclusive licence to access and use [their]
Content within WeChat, in accordance with these Terms and WeChat's functionalities”
(id.); and

 that users may not engage in any of the following:

o “infringing any of our intellectual property rights (including attempting to reverse
engineer any applications or software used to access WeChat)” (AUP at 7.2(a));

o “probing or testing the vulnerability of, or otherwise circumventing (or attempting
to circumvent) any security features on, WeChat, our systems or the systems of
other users” (id. at 7.2(f));

o “accessing WeChat, collecting or processing any content made available through
WeChat … through the use of any automated bots, software, engines, crawlers,
scrapers, data mining tools or the like” (id. at 7.2(b));

o “attempting to disrupt or interfere with WeChat Software including manipulating
the legitimate operation of WeChat Software” (id. at 7.2(p)); and

o “using cheats, exploits, automation software or any unauthorised third-party
software designed to modify or interfere with WeChat Software” (id. at 7.2(q)).

The Weixin Terms of Service available at weixin.com likewise prohibit:

 “Performing reverse engineering, reverse assembly, reverse compilation on the Software
or otherwise attempting to discover the source code of the Software” (§8.2.1.2);

 “Copying, modifying, adding, deleting, mounting for operation, or creating any
derivative works of data released into any terminal's memory by the Software or during
its operation… including but not limited to using plugins, add-ons or third-party
tools/services not authorized by Tencent to access the Software and its related systems”
(§8.2.1.4);

 “Adding, removing, or altering functions or operating effects of the Software by
modifying or forging its instructions or data, or operating or disseminating software or
methods used for the above purposes to the public, regardless of whether such acts are for
commercial purposes” (§8.2.1.5);

 “Either by yourself or by authorizing others or third-party software or systems,
controlling, accessing, retrieving, or interfering with the Software and its components,
modules and data, or circumventing or disrupting any security measures or other
technical protective measures built into the Software” (§8.2.1.7); and

 “Publishing, transmitting, disseminating, or storing content that infringes upon other's
reputation rights, portrait rights, intellectual property rights, trade secrets, or other
legitimate rights” (§8.1.2.2).

The sole purpose of the Illegal Repositories is to permit unauthorized use of WeChat/Weixin in violation of Tencent’s Terms of Service. By offering them to the public—and by offering tutorials, instructions, and other documentation as to their use through the GitHub platform—the Illegal Repositories are inducing thousands, and potentially millions, of WeChat/Weixin users to breach their contracts with Tencent and harm the security of WeChat/Weixin, causing damage both to Tencent and its users. Such conduct unlawfully interferes with Tencent’s contractual relations. See Blizzard Entm’t Inc. v. Ceiling Fan Software LLC, 28 F. Supp. 3d 1006, 1015 (C.D. Cal. 2013). III. The Illegal Repositories Violate GitHub’s Terms of Service and Acceptable Use Policies. Finally, the Illegal Repositories are violating core provisions of GitHub’s Terms of Service. According to Section C of GitHub’s Terms of Service, a user’s “use of the Website and Service must not violate any applicable laws, including copyright or trademark laws, export control or sanctions laws, or other laws in your jurisdiction” (emphasis added). Moreover, according to Sections 2 and 5 of GitHub’s Acceptable Use Policy, incorporated by the Terms of Service, “GitHub does not “allow content or activity … that is unlawful or promotes unlawful activities,” or that “uses our servers to disrupt or to attempt to disrupt, or to gain or to attempt to gain unauthorized access to, any service, device, data, account or network” (emphasis added).

As addressed above, the Illegal Repositories violate applicable law on several grounds, harming Tencent and users of WeChat/Weixin worldwide by allowing and encouraging unauthorized access to, and decryption and reproduction of, WeChat/Weixin content, including copyrighted materials that have been licensed for use only within WeChat/Weixin. Accordingly, Tencent requests the following:

(1) expeditious removal of the materials identified in Exhibit A, and any other known
examples of the Infringing Repositories, including all related forks, releases, or
attachments; and

(2) GitHub’s cooperation in taking steps to prevent the re-uploading or storage of similar
content by the same or other users, including any other individuals associated with the
Illegal Repositories.

We thank GitHub for its assistance and cooperation with this matter. Should you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact me by e-mail or at the telephone number provided above.

Very truly yours,   
[private]
[private]  
[private] Phone  
[private]

| Repository                                      | Stars | Forks | URL                                                 |
|-------------------------------------------------|-------|-------|-----------------------------------------------------|
| 0xlane/wechat-dump-rs                           | 1849  | 410   | https://github.com/0xlane/wechat-dump-rs            |
| A2kaid/Get-WeChat-DB                            | 296   | 56    | https://github.com/A2kaid/Get-WeChat-DB             |
| AdminTest0/SharpWxDump                          | 4443  | 630   | https://github.com/AdminTest0/SharpWxDump           |
| adysec/wechat_sqlite                            | 326   | 294   | https://github.com/adysec/wechat_sqlite             |
| [private]                                       |       |       | [private]                                           |
| b3nguang/wxdump                                 | 0     | 0     | https://github.com/b3nguang/wxdump                  |
| baiyies/CppWeixinHunter                         | 178   | 25    | https://github.com/baiyies/CppWeixinHunter          |
| Can-Li/WXMsgToExcel                             | 26    | 9     | https://github.com/Can-Li/WXMsgToExcel              |
| chyj77/WeChatRecord                             | 23    | 101   | https://github.com/chyj77/WeChatRecord              |
| cmluZw/WxDump                                   | 91    | 9     | https://github.com/cmluZw/WxDump                    |
| [private]                                       |       |       | [private]                                           |
| ellermister/wechat-clean                        | 291   | 23    | https://github.com/ellermister/wechat-clean         |
| git-jiadong/wechatDataBackup                    | 5898  | 581   | https://github.com/git-jiadong/wechatDataBackup     |
| git-jiadong/WeChatDBKey                         | 28    | 14    | https://github.com/git-jiadong/WeChatDBKey          |
| greycodee/wechat-backup                         | 3410  | 354   | https://github.com/greycodee/wechat-backup          |
| luin/wechat-export                              | 690   | 69    | https://github.com/luin/wechat-export               |
| MarkShawn2020/wechat-dbcracker                  | 165   | 29    | https://github.com/MarkShawn2020/wechat-dbcracker   |
| nalzok/wechat-decipher-macos                    | 277   | 44    | https://github.com/nalzok/wechat-decipher-macos     |
| https://github.com/nondeay/wxdump.              | 24    | 1     | https://github.com/nondeay/wxdump.                  |
| oovm/wx-dump                                    | 3     | 3     | https://github.com/oovm/wx-dump                     |
| ppwwyyxx/wechat-dump                            | 1825  | 347   | https://github.com/ppwwyyxx/wechat-dump             |
| recarto404/WxDatDecrypt                         | 150   | 83    | https://github.com/recarto404/WxDatDecrypt          |
| saltfishpr/wxdump                               | 0     | 1     | https://github.com/saltfishpr/wxdump                |
| shenhunluo/wx_dump_rs                           | 59    | 14    | https://github.com/shenhunluo/wx_dump_rs            |
| SpenserCai/GoWxDump                             | 1458  | 179   | https://github.com/SpenserCai/GoWxDump              |
| SuxueCode/WechatBakTool                         | 3659  | 364   | https://github.com/SuxueCode/WechatBakTool          |
| TC999/WeChatMsg                                 | 181   | 232   | https://github.com/TC999/WeChatMsg                  |
| tech-shrimp/WechatMoments                       | 1269  | 132   | https://github.com/tech-shrimp/WechatMoments        |
| x1hy9/WeChatUserDB                              | 472   | 108   | https://github.com/x1hy9/WeChatUserDB               |
| zhiming-su/myWxDump                             | 0     | 0     | https://github.com/zhiming-su/myWxDump              |
| zzyzhangziyu/wechat-db-decrypt                  | 153   | 83    | https://github.com/zzyzhangziyu/wechat-db-decrypt   |
