Dear GitHub DMCA Agent,  
  
This notice is submitted by [private] ([private], the current [private] and authorised representative of Beijing Dazhangfang Information Technology Co., Ltd. (Chinese trade name: 大账房, pinyin: Dàzhàngfáng, hereinafter “DZF”), the exclusive copyright owner of “Dazhangfang Online Accounting Business Processing System v3.0”. The notice is compliant with 17 U.S.C. § 512(c) and GitHub’s DMCA Guidelines.  
  
Firstly, thank you for taking action on our prior notice submitted on December 26, 2025, by removing multiple infringing repositories listed therein. We deeply appreciate this.  
  
1、Copyrighted work identified  
Title: Dazhangfang Online Accounting Business Processing System v3.0  
China Software Copyright Registration No. 2017SR458244 (Certificate No. 2043528).  
Core functions: voucher entry, month-end closing, ledger inquiry, financial statements, etc.  
No licence has ever been granted to any third party for public distribution.  
2、Location of infringing material (entire repositories)  
（1）. Parent: https://github.com/xeon-ye/dzfui (fork count = 0)  
3、Sufficient information to locate the infringing commits  
The following publicly accessible patch URLs contain verbatim copies of DZF’s proprietary source code:  
（1）. https://github.com/xeon-ye/dzfui/commit/0543ebfbc3b7456f3de998364540a4d27d53b389.patch  
From: [private] <[private]>  
（2）. https://github.com/xeon-ye/dzfui/commit/17a80f2d32ae7caafdaab4069e467dc7154569be.patch  
From: [private] <[private]>  
All author e-mails use the corporate-exclusive domain “[private]”, proving the code originated from DZF’s internal version-control system.  
4、Statement of unauthorised use  
The repository listed in Item 2 (https://github.com/xeon-ye/dzfui) is a fork of “[private]". That parent repository has already been rendered inaccessible, confirming that it, too, contained infringing copies of our proprietary source code. The present fork therefore continues to disseminate the same unauthorised material. As stated in our original notice, all offending repositories were initially uploaded by a former employee who, after leaving the company, maliciously registered the accounts “[private]” and “[private]” (and evidently encouraged further forks) using the pinyin of current employees’ names. Neither the original uploader nor any forker has ever received permission to publish our codebase, and their actions violate both our internal confidentiality agreements and applicable copyright law.  
5、Requested action  
Please remove or disable access to the entire repositories listed in item 2.  
6、Good-faith belief  
I have a good-faith belief that the use of the copyrighted material described above is not authorised by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.  
7、Accuracy statement under penalty of perjury  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am authorised to act on behalf of the owner of the exclusive copyright that is allegedly infringed.  
8、Signature  
/s/ [private]  
9、Contact information  
Name: [private]  
Title: [private] & Authorised Representative  
Company: Beijing Dazhangfang Information Technology Co., Ltd.  
Address: [private]  
Tel: [private]  
E-mail: [private] (sender of this notice)  
Date: [private]  
Thank you for your prompt assistance.  
  
Best regards,  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
