One or more repositories in this DMCA takedown notice has been processed in accordance with GitHub's prohibition on sharing unauthorized product licensing keys, software for generating unauthorized product licensing keys, and/or software for bypassing checks for product licensing keys.  
  
You can learn more in [GitHub's Acceptable Use Policies](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/github-acceptable-use-policies).  
  
---  

While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---
  
Via Email ([private])  
  
   
  
Re: DMCA Notice / Circumvention of Technological Measures -  https://github.com/rhunk/SnapEnhance  
  
   
  
Dear GitHub DMCA Agent,  
  
   
  
Our firm represents Snap Inc. (“Snap”) in intellectual property matters. Snap is the owner of the copyright in the Snapchat software, application programming interface (“API”) and technology. See, e.g., https://www.snapchat.com/; https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.snapchat.android.  
  
   
  
Please consider this formal service of a Digital Millennium Copyright Act takedown notice. I have read and understand GitHub’s Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.  
  
   
  
It has come to our attention that the reported URL distributes software that offers “hook” customizations which, for example, bypass screenshot detection and/or restrictions on downloading content within Snapchat. Snap implements technological protection measures against such functionality within Snapchat.  
  
   
  
We thus have a good faith belief that reported content is unlawful because it circumvents a technological measure that prevents unauthorized access to a copyrighted work. See 17 U.S.C. § 1201.  
  
   
  
The infringement occurs at: https://github.com/rhunk/SnapEnhance  
  
   
  
We respectfully request removal of the reported URL.  
  
   
  
I may be contacted via the contact information in the signature block below.  
  
   
  
The GitHub username associated with the allegedly infringing content is rhunk. The user’s contact information is unknown.  
  
   
  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.  
  
   
  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  
  
   
  
Thank you for your attention to this notice.  
  
   
  
Sincerely,  
  
/s/ [private]  
  
   
  
Kilpatrick Townsend & Stockton LLP    
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
Kilpatrick Townsend & Stockton LLP  
[private]  
T [private] | F [private]  
