While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Our company hires freelancers to do some work. It turns out that one of the freelancers we hired decided to send us fake documents and pretended to be someone who doesn't actually exist. In this way, the freelancer has gained access to a client's code and is threatening to release the code on github if we don't pay him.

The email theard where he is blackmail us

[private]

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

https://github.com/Innovative9975/Svitzer_Port_application

As you can see in this link, the freelancer/hacker is disclosing all the source code of a client of ours. The information is private and this leak is very serious

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

all the files in this repo: https://github.com/Innovative9975/Svitzer_Port_application

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

We have the normal procedures for accessing jira and the repository. Only people with emails from our company and duly authorized can have access to the code

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

The freelancer was able to bypass security because by sending false documents he was admitted to our company for 15 days and during that time he had access to the repository. He took the opportunity to steal the source code and now he's trying to extort us

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

no

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

phone number: [private]  
Email: [private]  

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  

Boost IT  
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
