Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

Hello,  
  
I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.  
  
I act as the [private] of Agence Malttt SAS, a French company, and I am the [private] of the code in question.  
I am the [private] of the company, and I am the only person who has access to the private repository.  
  
We recently identified a public repository which is infringing on our  
copyright. The repository is located at:  
https://github.com/StuartApp/stuart-woocommerce-plugin/  
  
The infringing content is located at:  
https://github.com/StuartApp/stuart-woocommerce-plugin/tree/master/stuart-woocommerce  
  
Particularly, the following files:  
https://github.com/StuartApp/stuart-woocommerce-plugin/blob/master/stuart-woocommerce/stuart-woocommerce.php  
https://github.com/StuartApp/stuart-woocommerce-plugin/blob/master/stuart-woocommerce/custom-shipping-method.php  
  
These files claim that the author is "[private]" and the license is GPL. This is not true.  
  
The original content is located in a private repository at:  
[private]
  
These files are the core content of our work, you can see the original content at :  
[private]  
[private]
  
The original content is licensed under a GPL license and under Malttt Agency / [private] ([private]) authorship.  
Also our code has never been public or published in any other repository.  
It is also older than the other repository, first commit on our side was on [private] (see file capture [private]).  
The other repository was created on [private] (see [private]).  
  
As GPL states, we have to provide our consent to the use of our code, which was not the case here.  
We are actually selling this plugin/code on CodeCanyon, and we have the right to take legal action against this.  
Since the date they published this publicly our sales plummeted, and we are losing money because of this.  
  
I joined some screen capture to prove that the code was lightly modified and is 99% the same as our work.  
  
To provide a bit of background here, the code was originally written by [private], [private], for selling it via my company (Agence Malttt, see https://www.malttt.com) on CodeCanyon.  
Stuart (delivery service in Europe) has a public API so we made a plugin to integrate it with WooCommerce.  
We have been selling this plugin for a while now, and we have a lot of customers using it.  
  
We have not been contacted by Stuart to ask us to make the plugin public.  
We just learned via a client last week that they launched a public repository with our code.  
  
We tried to contact Stuart to resolve the matter since, but they did not answer this request.  
  
Our address and contact information is:  
Agence Malttt  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]    
Phone number : [private]  
  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  
  
Best regards,  
[private]  
[private]  
Agence Malttt - Digital Agency  
