Hello Dear Github:

We are Darkblue Sea Software Co.Ltd. （北京深蓝海域信息科技有限公司 ）It is nice to be able to use Github such a professional and effcient platform,and now we have a need to be very hopefully able to get Github's support and resolution.  
We have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filling a DMCA Notice.  
Some one created a sourcecode called  
'NeoMarx0101/KmproProject-payh‘  3 days  ago which violate our company’s Trade Secret.  
When he upload this source code，He also mentioned this rooted in Darkblue Sea Software Co.Ltd. ‘s  commercial charging project.  
The following is Github's URL and Screenshots about this source code:  
https://github.com/NeoMarx0101/KmproProject-payh  
Since the document contains our company's important source code and system configuration,secret key,database  
address,very important api key and so on.Please see attached file for your conference.  

so we hope Giuhub as soon as possible to help us completely remove the source  code and thank you very much.

The following is our contact information:  
·Company Name : Darkblue Sea Software Co.Ltd. （北京深蓝海域信息科技有限公司 ）  
·My e-mail Address: [private]  
·Cellphone: [private]  
Company Address: [private]  
Website: https://www.kmpro.cn

I have a good faith belief that use of the  
copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.I have taken fair use into consideration.  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the
information in this notification is accurate and that am the copvright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Hoping for your response and thanks again. Please help us!!!

[private]
