Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

Hello
    We are Beijing Yidun Internet Technology Co., Ltd., the security service provider of Shenzhen Qianhai WeBank Co., Ltd. (WeBank). Entrusted by WeBank, to communicate on the infringement of codes published by others on the GitHub platform. The content of the following link published on GitHub involves the internal code of WeBank, which has constituted a violation of WeBank’s legal rights and interests and brought security risks to WeBank and users. Please delete the code content as soon as possible. Please understand and check the authorization letter in the link, thank you!

Official WeBank bsite： 
https://www.webank.com/

Links to infringing content: 
https://github.com/ulikoala/primitive-project/blob/0ea8143bb1697acfaf8b1879899c49cd34d79904/webank-parent/webank-pub-parent/webank-pub-dao/src/main/resources/configs/db/db.properties

Screenshots marked with infringing content:  

[private]


1、This is marked as the official internal code of webank.This code is copyrighted by webank and cannot be used and released without the permission of webank.
We Shenzhen Qianhai WeBank owns the copyright of all codes in the repository.
Because of privacy, we can provide business license and power of attorney.
WeBank business license is attached.



I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.

I have taken fair use into consideration.

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice

my contact information：[private]

legal signature：[private], [private]
