**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**
 
Yes, I am the copyright holder.
 
**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**
 
No
 
**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**
 
GitHub
 
**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**
 
I am the [private], and [private] of the Discord Bot named 'Discore'. [private] am the [private] of the bot, [private] have paid for the hosting, owned the domains (discore.gg, discord.co.il, discore.xyz), [private] paid for the developers, [private] have designed the website, [private] have made the blog, [private] have paid / made all of the website designs. [private] wrote all the texts, [private] have created the calculations and algorithms of the bot. The developers who stole this bot have no rights for this bot, and were never partners who have ownership or right to publish its files.
 
**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**
 
Discore is a revolutionary security and transparency tool for the software 'Discord' that allows you to protect your Discord server, yourself and discover the behavior and history of anyone on every Discore-supported server. Discore analyzes the behavior of the users on each of its servers and will determine a score that will reﬂect their reliability, trustworthy, moral, language, and bad or good behavior. It will track how many times each user was banned, reported, muted or kicked. On the other hand, it will also check their roles on each server, their connection, and activity. All that together will build the user’s reputation on Discord, while respecting pricavy and relying on actions, roles and activity directly from the servers.
 
The original URL (before it was stolen by the developers and transferred was https://discore.gg) -
[private]
 
The developers used [private] own life crisis, and exploited [private] situation where [private] did not have access to internet to spread lies against [private], to give legitimacy and eventually steal [private] Discord Bot. At some point, the developers have also decided to publish the whole source code to be available for everyone. Without [private] permission.
 
Here is a post on the bot's blog (they also stole the blog website; they had no part in making it), where they accuse of [private] of false accusations, and explaining who they have decided to 'take over' aka stealing, [private] project - [private]
 
**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**
https://github.com/discore-app/Discore-Web  
https://github.com/discore-app/Discore-Bot  
https://github.com/discore-app
 
**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**
 
No
 
**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**
 
I did not find any forks.
 
**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**
 
No
 
**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**
 
Reported content must be removed
 
**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**
 
[private] - https://github.com/Guy293 - Tel: [private] - Age: [private]  
[private] - https://github.com/F4zii - Tel: [private] - Age: [private]
 
**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**
 
**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**
 
**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**
 
**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**
 
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**
 
[private]
 
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**
 
[private]
