While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

We are [private] to Discord Inc. (“Discord”) for various intellectual property matters and we have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner described in this letter is not authorized by Discord, any agent of Discord, or any applicable law.  The information provided here is accurate to the best of our knowledge.  We swear under penalty of perjury that we are authorized to act on behalf of Discord with respect to the subject matter of this matter.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

We write in connection with our client’s copyrighted and protected materials (collectively “Infringed Materials”) on the GitHub repositories referenced herein. Discord is the owner and author of the Infringed Materials, including the applicable content therein and all associated copyrights. The work is not available for licensed use as evidenced by the following link - https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/9507780972951-gg-sans-Font-Update-FAQ (Q: Can I use the custom font for my own projects? A: gg sans is not currently an open-source font, so you are not able to use it at this time.)

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

Entire repositories:  
https://github.com/Syhix/gg-sans  
https://github.com/Rahib777-7/gg-sans  
https://github.com/ckoseyan/discord-gg-sans  
https://github.com/360NENZ/aetinx-gg-sans  

Specific file with instructions to access and unauthorized links: [invalid]

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

Not available for download

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

By accessing and downloading files using developer tools

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Phone: [private]  
Address: [private]  
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
