**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Hi, we are part of SKY Brasil (DTV Company) and one of our formers employees, uploaded one of our codes in github again.  
The URL is: https://github.com/robarbieri/Busca_SKY_Repo  
This url contains part of our Production projects disclosed in a public repository on github.

Our desire is to close or exclude this files from the directory because can give us an dangerous exposition to our production environment.

An example for one dangerous situation is a massive attack on a login feature, purchase content, etc etc.

Previously, he uploaded one another project at github and Upload nowadays again.

Please, we need which that project will be deleted and the user will notified about this.

Old DMCA: 1575402

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The original project are on the url : https://www.sky.com.br/  
That can provide an access to our customers and provide all the customer experience and relation whit our company.  
For example: Report issues, login and update the personal data, buy content, see new contents available on the store, search specifical contents, etc.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

All the files from this repository can be deleted please  
https://github.com/robarbieri/Busca_SKY_Repo

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

All the repository and all the files can be deleted

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
