Made4net, LLC

[private]

[private]

[private]

[private]

[private]

Mobile: [private]

 

I am sending you the following Notice of Claimed Infringement pursuant to 17 U.S.C. Section 512(c)(3).  This notice is related to the unauthorized reproduction and distribution of copyrighted works owned by Made4net, LLC (the “Company”) related a full version of Made4net’s SCExpert version 4.9, released in 2009, the Company’s proprietary software related to warehouse management systems, supply chain execution, and third-party logistics solutions (the “Company Software”) described at https://github.com/sk251178/PWMS-SCExpert. The Company was recently made aware that this full version of the Company’s source code was illegally made public on the Github platform. The Company and its affiliates own all intellectual property rights in the Company Software and did not authorize the public disclosure of our source code.

The Company recently learned that your website hosts, displays, and distributes unauthorized copies of portions of the Company Software (the “Infringing Content”). The Infringing Content is the content located at the following URL associated with GitHub user sk251178 all of which is the IP of the Company and needs to be removed:

github.com/sk251178/PWMS-SCExpert  

Please act expeditiously to remove the Infringing Content.

I state, under penalty of perjury, that:

1. I am the [private] at Made4net and am authorized to act on behalf of the Company in this matter;

2. I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law, and I have taken fair use into consideration; and  

3. the information in this notice is accurate.

I respectfully request that you remove the Infringing Material from github.com pursuant to the provisions of Section 512(c) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act.  Please contact me no later than one week from the date of this letter to confirm that the infringing material has been removed or access disabled.

Regards,

 

[private]

[private]
