**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am the [private] for Mineplex LLC and am responsible for overseeing our [private] teams and codebases.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The original copyrighted work that has been infringed is the Mineplex PE original source code, written in PHP and containing a proprietary game engine for playing Minigames inside of Minecraft Pocket Edition. This source code has never been legally posted online, it was taken from a leak of our codebase in 2018 (this fact is openly stated on the infringing repository's README).

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The entire repository (at https://github.com/Labality/MineplexBedrock/) is infringing and should be taken down.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

I have examined all existing forks of the repository and have determined that each is a mirror of the original infringing repository with no changes made. As such, these forks should also be taken down:  
https://github.com/Danding1314/MineplexBedrock  
https://github.com/lnfernal/MineplexBedrock

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

The work is not licensed under an open source license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

As the repository consists solely of illegally obtained code from a code leak, the only remedy is to remove the repository and any similarly infringing forks.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

We do not have their contact information.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
