Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Hi,

My name is [private], the [private] of DMCA Masters. I am the duly authorized representative of the exclusive rights holder for the Xmind. The following information is presented for the purposes of removing web content that infringes on our copyright per the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”). This notice constitutes an official notification under Section 512(c) of the DMCA.

Under that statute, you are required, as a service provider, to remove or disable access to the infringing materials specified below upon receipt of this notice. Under the safe harbor provision of the DMCA, you are given immunity from liability for hosting the infringing content, provided that you quickly rectify and investigate the copyright infringement. Failure to do so can result in the loss of this statutory immunity.

The content that is being infringed is Xmind by is a multifaceted digital business. We are independently published, with the muscle of a traditional media company, minus the corporate BS. We are lean, mean, and situated around the world

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

XMind is a mind mapping and brainstorming software, developed by XMind Ltd. In addition to the management elements, the software can capture ideas, clarify thinking, manage complex information, and promote team collaboration for higher productivity.
you can see that this infringing URL is the crack URL of our software with out any authorisation ,or its the pirated link of our software
http://www.xmind.net/

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/Abeautifulsnow/Xmind-Zen-Crack/blob/master/crack.py

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

yes it is infringing our work

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

They providing crack links of our software

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The only solution is to remove the mind crack

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

[private]

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private], [private], [private],[private],  
[private]  
+[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
