**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

The Nabatik project is owned on a private Gitlab repository by Nabatik.com, it is a private source code project and access codes and codebase has been violated by this user.  
[private] was hired as a freelancer and stole the source code and is publishing it online.

[private] evidently has a copy of the access codes and source code.  
Please if any project pops up as the "Nabatik" name or has the same file hashes, take it down or notify us to check if it is that same copy that has been leaked.

I can show the access grant to this user on the private Gitlab, our [private] message history, and more.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Nabatik.com

Map.nabatik.com

Private repository on Gitlab.com  
[private]

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/KyleMitton711/Nabatik

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

There are no forks yet.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No, it is completely private.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

No, they must remove it as it is a violation of copyright and of our private access tokens to various services and credentials to database.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No, [private] is trying to scam us and has a fake account on [private]. I have the conversation history. [private] account got suspended by [private].

[private]

[private] also exists under the username "[private]" :

[private]  

[private]  

[private]  

[private] is a fraudster and is publishing our private work online.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
