**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am the [private] and [private] of Dwellics.com (my LLC's name is [private]). I hire freelancers on [private] and [private] to work on the code. I ask each of them to sign an NDA, in which I request to destroy all the work after the work is done.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.  
[private] posted my code that several people have been working on since February 2021, even though he signed the NDA according to which he is supposed to destroy the code on his computer after completing the work. [private] worked on the code for 5 days between September 20-24, 2021.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/bill-robert/Dwellics

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

I didn't search. I got the link from [private].

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

I have applied for the patent for the idea that is coded in May 2021. My Intellectual Property attorney is [private] at [private] ([private], [private], [private]) Direct: [private]
No open source license

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Please remove the code. I have it in my AWS account. I wish you could ban him, so he wouldn't be able to do this to other startups.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

He claims to be [private]. This is how I found him on [private], but he couldn't prove his identity, so he was banned by [private]. I am advised by [private] that it is dangerous to deal with him, but they have not disclosed details. He submitted a payment request in the name [private] with an invoice with no contact info. I am waiting for my lawyer to come back from his vacation tomorrow to prepare steps what I need to do to make this a legal payment.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

My cell is [private]. I can attach all the documentation (patent docs, Dwellics ownership (you can see it at the bottom of this page: https://dwellics.com/aboutus), all dozens of emails where [private] has been harassing me and threatening to disclose the code to competitors, payment request he sent to me in a different name, the invoice that I am rejecting to pay until he confirms his identity...

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
