Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am an attorney at the law firm Haynes Boone LLP. I represent Ring LLC, a subsidiary of Amazon.com, Inc. ("Amazon"), the owner of the copyrighted content in question, and have been authorized to act on Amazon's behalf in submitting this takedown notice.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

I submit this notice of infringement under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, 17 U.S.C. § 512(c) on behalf of Amazon. Amazon owns and administers the copyright interests in Amazon proprietary source code, identified below (the "Works"), which is currently hosted by GitHub at the below URLs. Amazon is the legal and beneficial owner of the exclusive rights to reproduce, distribute, and publicly display electronic versions of the Works.

It has come to Amazon's attention that the source code currently hosted and displayed by GitHub at the following URL is an unauthorized version of the Works. The reproduction, display, and distribution of these versions of the Works constitutes infringement of valuable copyright interests under 17 U.S.C. § 106, which are owned by Amazon.

URL: https://github.com/sergekazik/scripts/blob/313ecef3fec6c6074dfd24390d2a65eba8dbb850/main_log_integrity_test.sh

Works: [private]

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The Works should be removed from: https://github.com/sergekazik/scripts/blob/313ecef3fec6c6074dfd24390d2a65eba8dbb850/main_log_integrity_test.sh. The Works are Amazon's proprietary source code and have been reproduced and shared without Amazon's authorization.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No. The copyrighted Works being infringed are Amazon proprietary source code and are not licensed under an open source license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Amazon seeks to have the Works removed and access to them disabled. The copyrighted Works are Amazon proprietary source code. The reproduction, display, and distribution of the Works by the GitHub user or anyone who has not been granted a license by Amazon constitutes infringement of Amazon's valuable copyright interests.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

Upon information and belief, the alleged infringer's email address is skazants@amazon.com.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
Haynes Boone LLP  
30 Rockefeller Plaza, 26th Floor  
New York, New York 10112  
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
