Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am acting on behalf of FXhome Ltd (www.fxhome.com). We are the creators of the video editing packages "HitFilm Pro" and "HitFilm Express". Our complaint relates to a repository hosted here which is providing tools to circumvent features limited in our Express product.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

"HitFilm Express" is our feature-limited offering of "HitFilm Pro" which allows anyone to be able to edit and composite video for free. Users can purchase extra add-on packages that extend the functionality of Express.

https://fxhome.com/product/hitfilm-express

You have email in response to our original DMCA and asked for the following information, but no indication of where it should be included so I am including it here:

1) Describe any technological measures you have in place, and how they effectively control access to your copyrighted material.

The CSS files (which the offending repository has reproduced) are originally compiled into the product as binary data and not designed to be seen or accessible by users. This user has intercepted DLL calls into our product from Qt (qt.io) and extracted this information, presumably from the system memory when the data is passed into the QT Widget DLL function call setStylesheet(). Effectively stealing the copyrighted stylesheet from memory. The fact that our own developer comments appear in the CSS confirms this.

2) Describe how the accused project is designed to circumvent your previously described technological protection measures.

This kind of manipulation is centered around intercepting DLL calls to Qt in the main HitFilm program. Whilst it is unable to change the actual icon resources (which are paid for in the case of our "Dark Mode" product pack), it is able to change the visual appearance of the program by 'injecting' a fake CSS stylesheet to override the colors inthe program. It doesn't even work fully successfully, so it also degrades the appearance of the product.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/cademtz/HitFilmStylez

This is the repository that is providing tools to circumvent our IP. In particular, the following file is reproduced from our own packaged software verbatim which also represents a copyright violation.  
https://github.com/cademtz/HitFilmStylez/blob/master/Patcher/hf-dark.css

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

We are unaware of any existing forks.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

The work is not licensed under an open source license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The repository can be made private, but we assume the repository has been made public to deliberately facilitate a violation of our ToS.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

https://github.com/cademtz

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Address

FXhome Limited (Company number 04172812)  
Suite 4 St Giles House  
27 St Giles Street  
Norwich  
Norfolk  
NR2 1JN  
ENGLAND  
Phone

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
