**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Legal address
[private], [private], [private], [private], [private], [private], [private].  
Postal address  
[private], [private], [private], [private], [private], [private].  
Limited liability Company "Start.Ru" (OGRN [private], TIN [private])  

Powers of attorney (content):  
[private]

contacts:  
start.ru/contacts

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

[invalid]- original work (serial 8 episodes)

Hello! We are representatives of START.RU LLC (https://start.ru) - a video service that provides access to movies and TV series by subscription. Earlier, our colleagues turned to you for help in the fight against unscrupulous github users and you helped us a lot in March 2021.

We ask you to help us again in the fight against pirated content.  
The bottom line is as follows - a pirated website in Russia uses the github functionality to perform its functions. One of the files that allows you to receive pirated content on the site is loaded at the moment of opening the web page.
Unfortunately, at the moment we are not yet able to contact the website administrator, as well as the CDN owners who directly send video content to the site via the API.
The essence is as follows:
On the website [invalid] there is no copyright infringement in the desktop version, but if you go to the page from a mobile device (phone or tablet, so that your user-agent shows a mobile device), a player will appear in which you can watch illegal copies of our series.
We believe that if the configuration file stops downloading from github, the violations will temporarily stop.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://actlz.github.io/actualize.js  
this code is loaded together with the launch of a web page with a violation. As far as we understand, this code allows you to define a user-agent and show pirated content for mobile devices.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

File only https://actlz.github.io/actualize.js

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

The code itself does not violate copyright, but its functions allow you to access the player illegally

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

We are ready to waive the claim if the administrators delete the films and TV series, the rights to which belong to START.RU LLC

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

[private]

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
+[private]

contacts:  
start.ru/contacts

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
