**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I used to be a [private] of (车童网) www.chetong.net.  
The ownership of source code is my customer.  
I want to study source code to no much take time, I committed source code to Github.com to I can work it from my home.  
After then I deleted this source code because information security. But some other person clone my source code.  
So the source code still exist in Github system.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Code involves company privacy data.  
You can go to this page by querying chetong.net,The submission history is my account，but repository is not mine.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

We need to remove all source code in project. The following URLs should be removed:  
https://github.com/hugongyy/wechat_springBoot_dubbox

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, I searched and checked the links above (https://github.com/hugongyy/wechat_springBoot_dubbox).  
It is my source code.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

It is not under an open source license. This user is in violation of the license grant to not distribute the source code as specified in the License Grant. Additionally the work is licensed under a proprietary license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The best possible solution would be to remove the content permanently.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No, we do not have the details

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

company：车童网（chetong.net)   
email：[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
