**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am [private] for Appy Health, Inc. Appy Health, Inc. is copyright owner of code relating to Appy.Health, Appy Health, Inc. and related software.

Facts: I am informed and believe that:

1. Appy Health is a HIPAA compliant SaaS software allowing patients and clinicians to privately, securely and confidentially exchange PHI (protected health information) over a secure Microsoft Azure platform. The software resides in a secure Microsoft Azure account at the present time protected by military grade encryption.  
2. Code was posted without Appy Health's permission on Github.  
3. Code exposed on Github will cause Appy Health, Inc. substantial financial damages.  
4. Appy Health is selling its SaaS services and any code posted on Github will create substantial questions of security, privacy and regulatory compliance.  
5. Any posting of Appy Health's code will cost Appy Health substantial sales and profits.  

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

https://github.com/eiji214/AppyHealthWeb (this is where the software is posted without authorization)

Appy Health, Inc. is a Texas corporation. Here is our website: www.appyhealth.com. The Appy Health platform is a SaaS software that is HIPAA compliant. The software involves private health information and is therefore very sensitive to data breaches. I believe the illegal posting of this software is a felony.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/eiji214/AppyHealthWeb

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Haven't found any other repositories.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

This software involves sensitive personal health information. The posted software must be removed immediately.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

[private] (possibly a pseudonym or false impersonation) has threatened and in fact released Appy Health source code for our software platform to Github. I am informed and believe this person's real name is [private] and [private] resides in [private].

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private] / Appy Health, Inc. 5760 Legacy Drive, B3517, Plano, TX 75024

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
