DMCA-CASE#218391 - Notice of unauthorized use of XBHives material   

Dear Sir or Madam:   

I,[private], am authorized to act as a non-exclusive copyright agent on behalf of XBHive, of the physical   
address below.     

XBHive has detected infringements of copyrighted materials owned by XBHive on a website hosted by you.   
The report set out below identifies the copyrighted work(s), the infringing material(s), and their location   
(s).XBHive and its management and agents has a reasonable good faith belief that use of the copyrighted   
materials in the manner complained of in the report set out below is not authorized by XBHive, its agents, or the   
law.     

This letter constitutes an official notification under Section 512(c) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the   
³Act´
I hereby request that you immediately remove or disable access to the infringing material, and ensure   
that the user refrains from any unauthorized use or sharing of any XBHive copyrighted materials in the future.   
Additionally, I request that the removed link state the following: "This content has been removed due to   
infringement." Noncompliance may result in the loss of your statutory immunity for the infringement under the   
Act.   

Please send me a prompt response indicating the actions that you have taken to resolve this matter, making sure   
to reference DMCA-CASE#218391 in your response.   

The information in this notification is accurate to the best of my knowledge and belief. I confirm, under   
penalty of perjury, that I have been authorized by the copyright owner, XBHive, to act on its behalf.   
Nothing in this letter shall serve as a waiver of any rights or remedies of XBHive with respect to the alleged   
infringement, all of which are expressly reserved.  

My contact information is located at the bottom of this letter.  

Please send a prompt response indicating the actions you have taken to resolve this matter, making sure to   
reference DMCA-CASE#218391 in your response. Nothing in this letter shall serve as a waiver of any rights   
or remedies of [private] with respect to the alleged infringement, all of which are expressly reserved. If   
you need to contact me, my contact information is located at the bottom of this letter.   

Evidentiary Information:   
Infringing IP Address(es):   
Infringed Work(s): https://www.XBHive.com   
Infringing URL(s): https://github.com/Someone12233344/XBHive   
Explanation: The content posted was leaked by ( [private] ) and considered stolen XBHive related   
content.  

This is not permitted to be expedited/used or have any sort of granted permission to use the XBHive name in the   
post that was made based on a leak.   
The content was stolen directly by a third party via a Web-RAT.   
The name XBHive is copyrighted in US in Los Angles CA under owner by me ProtegeTGK.   
The Names owned: ( XBH/C ) (XBHive) (XBHive Community) ( XBeeHive)   
Please have the repository (and account if possible) deleted and/or banned.   
Please do not allow any user to post any related content to your platform again.   
Thank you  

XBHive Community Security Team   

Date Posted: 04/22/2020 5:53:38 PM   

If this form is being used improperly please forward to [private] 

DMCA-CASE#218391 - Notice of unauthorized use of XBHives material   

Regards,   
[private] - on behalf of XBHive   
Email: [private]  
Phone:     
[private]    
[private]  
