**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I'm the [private] of the code. And have given nobody permission to re-release codes.  
The code is allowed to be used in merchants Shopify theme.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The original code is found here: https://feedarmy.com/kb/adding-google-adwords-remarketing-tag-to-shopify/  
I [private] this code, for the purpose of merchants using it in there Shopify theme. Not for the purpose of re-releasing the code elsewhere on the internet.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The code is released on this page: https://github.com/xiaotong-kk9/tracking-snippets/blob/master/dynamic_remarketing_ads_theme_shopify.liquid  
https://github.com/xiaotong-kk9/tracking-snippets

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

No I did not.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No it is not.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Remove the code https://github.com/xiaotong-kk9/tracking-snippets

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No I do not. I tried to look at the contact details on GitHub but could not find any.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

You can contact me again on [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
