**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**   
   
Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.   
   
**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**   
   
In 2018 our company engaged on a web platform [private] an external software developer to develop an app using Node.js. According to the contract, all rights of the developed program code belong to our company - "Graubner GmbH", Germany.   
   
**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**   
   
A database to manage external company contacts for staff members in a big industrial company should be developed and implemented. Up to fifteen columns with text, numbers and checkboxes are needed (see example file). External company contact persons should be able to edit their records and keep their contact data up-to-date. For this purpose user management with login is required. The database should include two interfaces:   
• One is a desktop application website for the external companies to register in the contact database and keep their records up-to-date. Access to the database is granted with the email address and a starting password, which has to be changed with the first login. An admin user can reset the password.   
• The other interface is an App for mobile devices like a telephone book with search tool, filter function etc. The project has to be implemented in React. For the mobile application an Icon like an App to open the database with an Apache Cordova container is needed. This surface shows database entries and enables search and filter functions. The user should also be able to establish a telephone connection directly from the App.   
   
**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**   
   
https://github.com/highsoftdev/Node_Express_API   
   
**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**   
   
No forks found   
   
**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**   
   
No   
   
**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**   
   
The code contains intranet IP addresses and access data, which shall not be published.   
Please take the hole repository down.   
   
**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**   
   
We already tried to contact the infinger via email without any response from him. The email is folowing below:   
   
Date: Mi., 8. Apr. 2020 um 12:19 Uhr   
Subject: please immediately delete   
To: <[private]>   
   
Dear [private],   
hope this finds you well. We were little surprised by an email of our customer who pointed out to us, that credentials and code of our software is public on GitHub: https://github.com/highsoftdev/Node_Express_API/blob/c94ed8b0d54414aca6b4572536bfc8fb4efcc023/helpers/email.js   
You are mentioned as the owner of this entry, so we kindly ask you to delete this entry by the end of this week at the latest.   
Thank you.     
[private]  
   
Tel [private]  
Mobil [private]  
Fax [private]  
[private]     
   
**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**   
   
**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**   
   
**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**   
   
**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**   
   
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**   
   
Tel [private]  
Mobil [private]  
[private]  
   
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**   
   
On behalf of "Graubner GmbH" company, [private]. Mobil [private], Fax [private]
