**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

i m the author of the repository that named midai-OA, The code is created by me and my friends， which contains a lot of service configuration files that we pay for.
3 years ago, when i was a young github user，I don't know the difference between public repository and private repository，so I made a mistake that upload some private code and make it public .
2 years ago, when i realized that is a wrong behavior and i deleted the repository , but someone fork my code , i try to ask them for help but dont have any response，
17 days ago, I deleted my account and all my repositories, because I thought that would delete the code that others copied，But it not in use, So I registered my account with this email again
From beginning to end , [private] always been the only contributor to Midai-OA repository，https://github.com/chennqqi3/MiDai-OA/commits?author=44669057888 is the repository's author's information, It can point directly to my account that registerd by [private]：44669057888

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Two user that I do not know and they made a fork of my repository called midai-OA, the midai-OA was created three years ago, i want make it private and deleted from other users fork, the midai-OA all fork from the url: https://github.com/chennqqi3/MiDai-OA/commits?author=44669057888, as you can see,the midai-OA repository's contributors url : https://github.com/chennqqi3/MiDai-OA/graphs/contributors ,It also proves that this is my copyright ，I‘ m the author, and 44669057888 is my account and [private] is my registrer Email,Please click the link address to prove what I said. I am willing to take legal responsibility for my actions ,please help me delete it

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

[private]    
https://github.com/chennqqi3/MiDai-OA  

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

NO

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

NO

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The only acceptable solution is that the entire repository be removed.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

NO

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
