**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am an official representative and contributor to the owners of HTS and its related source projects such as eCtune at https://hondatuningsuite.com

I am authorized to directly represent them in these matters; and have had a successfull DMCA takedown in the past.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

https://github.com/bouletmarc/BMTune2 is a nearly direct clone of the IP/code from HTS obtained from disassembly.
Previously, he submitted the same project under a different name, and we had a successfull DMCA takedown request approved.

This is the same thing, but with more of his dressups and changes to our logos; but there are obvious HTS watermarks and other portions throughut his stolen code and application still.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/bouletmarc/

We believe due to the nature of his continued illegal activity of distributing stolen private software code, and hardware, which is clearly evident in ALL of his repositories, that his whole account should be banned and removed from github; and he should no longer be able to use your service as none of his projects have a legal basis of existence due to his obvious profiteering from stolen IP.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

have found none thus far.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

no open source licensing on HTS software; it only has a partially free-to-use aspect; with some features restricted to paying users.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Please remove the copywright infringing material from your site, and remove this dishonest thief and ban him from your community for good.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

His name is "[private]". He hides the rest behind anonymity.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
