**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am an attorney representing Spotify and with authority to act on Spotify’s behalf.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Anticircumvention. The below-listed XSpotify repositories (“XSpotify”) violate 17 U.S.C. § 1201 by trafficking in technology that is primarily designed or produced for the purpose of circumventing Spotify’s technological measures that effectively control access to copyrighted works.

Spotify employs technological measures that control how users access the copyrighted content hosted on Spotify. Copyrighted files on Spotify’s services are protected by encryption. Spotify uses a key to decrypt the copyrighted files so legitimate users can listen to the copyrighted files through the Spotify services. Spotify’s encryption system prevents users from listening to copyrighted works without Spotify’s decryption key.

XSpotify states that it is a “DRM bypass” that allows users to “Download all songs directly from Spotify servers.” XSpotify’s technology circumvents Spotify’s encryption by stealing the Spotify key and using it in a way Spotify prohibits, namely, enabling users to access encrypted copyrighted content without authorization. By providing technology that circumvents Spotify’s access controls, XSpotify violates 17 U.S.C. § 1201(a)(2).

Spotify submitted takedown notices on March 5, 2020 and April 14, 2020 for [private] and associated repositories and forks. GitHub took down the repositories on March 12, 2020 and April 20, 2020. The repositories and forks listed below originated with [private].

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/zkittenz/XSpotify  
https://github.com/CKH0/XSpotify  
https://github.com/shirtjs/XSpotify  
https://github.com/Prodject/XSpotify

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

There are no forks associated with the above repositories.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Taking down the repositories listed above.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Perkins Coie LLP  
1201 Third Avenue, Suite 4900  
Seattle, Washington 91801  
Tel. [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
