Greetings to all, who are concerned.   
   
I am authorized to act on behalf of the copyright holder BATTLESTATE GAMES LIMITED   
   
Our project is "Escape from Tarkov", www.escapefromtarkov.com   
Our project is not licensed under an open source license. any decoding, disassembling of program code is prohibited by the EULA.   
   
[private]     
https://github.com/justemutarkov/EmuTarkov-Server     
[private]     
[private]     
   
We require the removal of these files from public access.   
The placement of these materials causes financial damage to the BATTLESTATE GAMES LIMITED. The persons who posted the indicated materials act in a criminal way violating the EULA copyright and the rules of the DMCA.   
   
Our code is protected by obfuscation and other code protection measures. the code is compiled and any kind of decompilation, deobfuscation and code change is a violation of our license agreement and a violation of our rights to this code. and essentially it's a code theft.   
   
Escape from Tarkov is an online game and it is a fundamental principle of its distribution and operation. the online component is protected by channel encryption, anti-cheat and other security measures. All these measures were created specifically so that it was impossible to bypass the online component or to make your own online component.   
   
These offenders, by modifying the decompiled code and emulating backend servers, created a pirated version of the game that directly harms us because it is of poor quality and because we suffer losses.   
   
The indicated pirated version is not a mod, our game cannot have mods. It is an ONLINE GAME. The version of the game indicated in the links is a pirated version of the game with the ability to play the game without buying it and was created to bypass the means of protection created by the developer to protect its copyright.   
   
Unfortunately we do not have the contact details of the offender.   
   
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.   
   
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.   
   
I confirm that I have read and fully agree with Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/   
   
Sincerely,   
[private]     
   
BATTLESTATE GAMES LIMITED   
   
Wework Spitalfield, 1, Primrose St, London, United Kingdom, EC2A 2EX   
   
