**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
  
Yes, I am the copyright holder.  
  
**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**  
  
I ([private]n) am the (co-)owner and (co-)founder of Bijles Aan Huis BV. All software in our Github repo ([private]) has been developed by our own developers (as can also be seen and checked through the history of the repository).  
  
**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
  
An old version of our platform has been copied and posted online, by an old developer (who was fired because of underperformance): https://github.com/firststep2florian/bijlesaanhuis. He posted the latest version he had access to.  
  
**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**  
  
https://github.com/firststep2florian/bijlesaanhuis  
  
**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
  
https://github.com/firststep2florian/bijlesaanhuis I have only found this repository and not any further forks.  
  
**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  
  
They are in violation of the license.  
  
**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**  
  
The repository should be taken down. As he has also sent it to other companies in our niche (or at least threatened with it) we  
  
**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**  
  
[private]  
  
**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**  
  
**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**  
  
**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**  
  
**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**  
  
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**  
  
[private]  
  
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**  
  
[private]   
