**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice. I am [private] of Replex GmbH. Our company has the copyright ownership on the code published on the github by the user "stasyuk93".

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The hole repository https://github.com/stasyuk93/iot-client which contains the source code of one of our projects was copied unauthorized from our [private] repository and published during the few trial working days which the developer stasyuk93 has worked for us. We found this code about a month ago and have tried to contact him directly. Unfortunately, we have not got any answer. Again, our company has the copyright ownership on the code that was published illegally by stasyuk93 and needs to be taken down immediately.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

dentire repository, the repository’s URL.
The whole repository https://github.com/stasyuk93/iot-client

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

There is only a single branch inside the repository without any forks.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

This is proprietary non licensable source code.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The only acceptable way is to delete the whole repository incl. all sub-folders.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

Yes and we have tried to contact the person. For data privacy reasons I would rather not provide personal information. If this is absolutely necessary, I can provide his personal information.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
