**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I developed software known as Pluvia. It is available on my website parrotgeek.com (linked in my Github bio) as well as my Github account.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

https://github.com/parrotgeek1/Pluvia, code written by me. Licensed under GPLv3, with the exception of the logo of ParrotGeek Software, which I use in all of my projects and on parrotgeek.com, and may not be used by anyone else.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/895488731/11111  
https://github.com/895488731/hh  
(both are identical)

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

There are no forks.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

The original repository is under GPLv3. These repositories are a copy of the original repository, but with the GPLv3 license file removed, and no credit given to me.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Either delete the two repositories, or add the GPLv3 license to them and remove the use of the ParrotGeek Software logo (location: ramdisk_add*/usr/share/progressui/images-2x).

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No, I do not.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
