**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am [private] from pupumall, there are some repositories of our code upload by someone on your site.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The content consists of source code, algorithm and system configuration, it also consists sensitive information, such as secret key, database address, important api key and so on. They must be taken down.

This information is found by people in Github, and brought a negative effect on us .

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/soldiers1989/pupu-config

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

All of these files in each of the above identified repositories should be removed.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The source code provided in each repository is proprietary to pupumall and has not been previously published. Both repositories should be removed in their entirety. The repository may not be made private or otherwise retained by either GitHub or the alleged infringer.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

My e-mail Address: [private]

Cellphone: [private]

Company Address: [private]

Website: https://www.pupumall.com/

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
