**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am a representitive of the owners of HTS and it's source.

The compiled program is available to the public, free to use. The source is closed private IP.

Bouletmarc is offering the source to HTS on github. He is clearly not the owner and is trying to steal profits from the writers of HTS.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Please reference the main website for HTS; it contains all pertinent features that are available for free use, and what features are available to purchase.

https://hondatuningsuite.com/

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/bouletmarc/HTS_Source
https://github.com/bouletmarc/

I am requesting his main profile be taken as well, as he keeps deleting and re-uploading the source.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

none that I know of.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

no open source license. closed source.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

removal of all source posted, and removal of the account from github. Please look into his past dealings with honda tuning sofware; he is always attempting to profit from other peoples software.... there are numerous examples you can find by simply searching "bouletmarc" on google.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

his contact information should be available via his registration email/details with github.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
