Dear GitHub,

 

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

 

I am writing on behalf of Sony Corporation, which is a member of REACT (also known as the Anti-Counterfeiting Network). REACT actively fights the trade in counterfeiting products on behalf of its members. Additional information about our organization can be found on www.react.org.

It came to our attention that the below mentioned repository is using copyrighted source code. This is a copyright infringement causing damage to our client.

 

Repo: https://github.com/pradeepmandava/Aerospike/

The entire repository is infringing. In accordance with your Guide, I explicitly confirm that all of the content at the URL infringes.

In order to remedy the infringement, the affected user will have to delete it entirely.

 

The code the repository contains is proprietary and not to be publicly published. The hosted content is a direct, literal copy of our client’s work.



Your Transparency policy (D.) mentions that GitHub will usually not "redact any other information from your notice unless you specifically ask us to."

Hereby I specifically ask you to redact this sentence as well as the following two paragraphs, since it refers to an employment contract:

-[private].

-[private]

[private]

[private]


We were not able to reach this user directly for they have not included up-to-date contact information in the repo or their profile page.

 

I hereby summon you to take expeditious action: to remove or to disable access to the infringing content immediately, but in any case no later than ten days as of today.

I emphasize that an internet intermediary such as an internet platform can be held liable for infringing information on websites for which it is responsible.

 

In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (Article 512 US Copyright Act) and Article 3 of the InfoSoc Directive (Directive 2001/29/EC) / Article 14 of the European Directive on Electronic Commerce (2000/31/EC) an internet platform that obtains actual knowledge of the illegal activity or information and, as regards claims for damages, is aware of facts or circumstances from which the illegal activity or information is apparent, to act expeditiously to remove the information or to disable access to the information.

 

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

 

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

 

Please contact me if you have any additional questions regarding this matter.

 

Please remove the following personal information (signature, name) before publishing the notice:



Kind regards, Met vriendelijke groeten,





[private] | [private] @ React Legal HQ | [private] |  
[private] | [private]
