**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I represent En Masse Entertainment, the North America publisher and license holder for TERA, which is the sole property of Krafton, Inc. I have been authorized by Krafton, Inc. to submit this request. copyright registrant info is below.

Registration Number 4187188
Serial Number 77938663

(REGISTRANT) Bluehole Studio, Inc. CORPORATION REPUBLIC OF KOREA Yeoksam-Dong, Gangnam-gu Landmark Tower 2nd F. 837-36 Seoul REPUBLIC OF KOREA 135-937  
(LAST LISTED OWNER) KRAFTON, INC. CORPORATION REPUBLIC OF KOREA KRAFTON TOWER, 117, BUNDANGNAEGOK-RO, BUNDANG-GU, SEONGNAM-SI, GYEONGGI-DO REPUBLIC OF KOREA 13259

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

TERA is a massive multiplayer online roleplaying game, and is software. it uses a licensed game client to connect to game servers. the original copyright filing description is below. game information is available at https://tera.enmasse.com/

IC 009. US 021 023 026 036 038. G & S: Computer programs for pre-recorded games; computer game software; computer game software recorded on DVDs and CD-ROMs; [ recorded computer software for use in providing online chat services and online electronic bulletin boards on the subject of music videos and the entertainment industry; recorded computer software for use in authoring, downloading, transmitting, receiving, editing, extracting, encoding, decoding, programming, playing, storing and organizing music and entertainment-related audio, video, text and multimedia content; blank computer discs and DVDs; ] computer programs, namely, game software for use on computers and video game players; interactive video game programs; [ pre-recorded videotapes, audio tapes, CDs and DVDs featuring sound and video in the fields of music, live action programs, motion pictures and animated cartoons; motion picture films featuring comedy, drama, action, adventure and animation; covers specially adapted for computer game consoles, peripherals, and computer game controllers;] and downloadable electronic games via the internet and wireless devices. FIRST USE: 20120201. FIRST USE IN COMMERCE: 20120201
IC 041. US 100 101 107. G & S: Entertainment services, namely, providing interactive online computer and video games for playing via a global computer network; entertainment services, namely, production of computer game programs and game software for entertainment purposes and providing information in the fields of computer games, computer enhancements for games, computer game software and entertainment via the Internet; providing a web site featuring information in the fields of computer games, science fiction, games and entertainment; entertainment services, namely, organizing and conducting competitions in the field of non-casino online computer games. FIRST USE: 20120501. FIRST USE IN COMMERCE: 20120501

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/Kloct/tera-client

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

https://github.com/hakufu/tera-client  
https://github.com/highfence/tera-client  
https://github.com/PatrickSantoZZ/tera-client  
https://github.com/RobinNorling/tera-client  
https://github.com/siriusfin/tera-client  
https://github.com/titandino/tera-client  
https://github.com/unwors/tera-client

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

Our End User License Agreement is located here: https://enmasse.com/legal/eula  
This repository contains software which allows direct interface to our game servers without the use of our licensed game client, which is in violation of our EULA and could be used to potentially crash game servers or impact the game economy. There is no other open source license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

removal or made unavailable for distribution or sharing with other parties

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

only the github page https://github.com/Kloct

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
