To Whom It May Concern,



The following information is presented for the purposes of removing web content that infringes upon our exclusive intellectual property rights. We appreciate your enforcement of intellectual property law and support of our rights in this matter



Identification of Copyrighted Work:



ZeniMax Media Inc., owner of Bethesda Softworks LLC, and/or its affiliates (collectively, “ZeniMax”) owns some of the most famous copyrights in the gaming industry, including The Elder Scrolls® series, Fallout®, Doom® and Dishonored®. These copyrights are used to identify, advertise, and promote ZeniMax’s products and activities. They are protected around the world under U.S. and international intellectual property law.



More information on ZeniMax products and be found at https://gear.bethesda.net/collections/fallout and http://www.zenimax.com/



Identification of Infringing Material:



The stickers hosted on your site are of the famous Vault Boy character found in the Fallout video game franchise. He is recognizable by his blue jumpsuit and wavy blonde hair. Here is an official t-shirt featuring Vault Boy: https://gear.bethesda.net/products/copy-of-vbotm-66-live-well-tee



Additionally, attached is one of several registered Vault Boy copyrights.



Infringing URLs:



https://telegram-stickers.github.io/stickers/fallout-vault-boy/



Copyright Owner Contact Information:



Name of IP Owner: ZeniMax Media, Inc.

Name: [private]

Address: [private]

City, State, and Zip: [private]

Email Address: [private]

Telephone: [private]



Affected parties should be advised to contact [private] with their questions or concerns.



Copyright Owners Statement:



I have a good faith belief that use of the materials described above on the allegedly infringing web pages is not authorized by the rights owner, its agent, or the law.



I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification is accurate and that I am the rights owner or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.



[private]

ZeniMax Media Inc.
