**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

These codes are the business source code for one of our business lines, which are developed by our company.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The original copyrighted work are the whole set of source code of Cloud Sales and Management Services of eBaoTech. These codes are not publicly available online as they should be kept in confidence as confidential information. The URL is: [private]  

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

All the files under the following URL:  
https://github.com/hanhongyuan/cloude-back

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Below are the searched forks we have found, and please help to check if there is any additional ones:  
https://github.com/tidyko/cloude-back  
https://github.com/vanehu/cloude-back

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No, it is confidential and should be kept in strict confidence. eBaoTech reserves all copy rights of such source code.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The best solution will be taking actions on all of the below:  
1. take down and remove immediately all the materials on the above URL and fork URLs; and  
2. provide us with contact information of the person uploading the information and forking such materials, so as for us to contact such persons to remove their information from their side; and  
3. please help mark this source code as proprietary and block further uploading / downloading and forking.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No, we don't have such information, and we request that GitHub may provide such information to us.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Name: [private], [private] of eBaoTech  
eBaoTech Corporation address: Building 3, 270 Songhu Road, Shanghai China  
Telephone: [private]  
Mobile: [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
