**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I represent British Telecommunications plc (BT plc). BT plc is the copyright owner of the code identified below. The code was written by a BT employee [private]. Under English Law and BT's contracts of employment the employer (BT plc) owns the IPR of the employee. BT therefore owns the copyrights in the code written by [private].

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The code found on Github is the product of BT's dynamic autoproxy system, which [private] wrote back in 2006 it is based on a mysql database which then uses php to build the necessary configuration files. These files are loaded into a IIS server which runs a bespoke autoproxy.dll, again which [private] authored.

Autoproxy script or pac file , is used to provide routing of browser requests, depending upon the asset requested the script will either return ‘DIRECT’ for point to point connectivity to a web server or ‘PROXY primary proxy:port; PROXY secondary proxy:port in order route the request from the browser to a proxy server and enable access another network or the internet.

BT Browsers download this script via http://acl.intra.bt.com/default.pac, whenever the browser is opened. The contents of that file depends upon the source ip address as seen by the autoproxy server belonging to a region. In this case the user called the autoproxy from ip address 10.215.40.117 which was recognised as being on the BT Adastral green side (private) network .

Within that script the autoproxy has dynamically identified and recorded the client as coming from 10.215.40.117 and being in the AP (BT Adastral Park) region. The routing supplied is specific to Adastral Park and the allocated proxies xap1.intra.bt.com and xap2.intra.bt.com are those used for internet access from the Adastral campus

BT plc owns this code and requests its immediate removal

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/jsoarez/LR2Taurus-BlazeMeter-TestCases/blob/35b727e85f0a5d85f3241cc3ebb602ccba23de31/TestCases/TestScript2/output.txt

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

N/A

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

N/A

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Please take down the code with immediate effect

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

Do not have

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
