**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

This software is private software owned, licensed, and distributed by SammichScripts. This software is an encrypted software. This software is a paid service/product, known to be cracked/hacked and being distributed NOT by the owning company.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The software version is 58.1 currently. Runescape autohotkey tool. Developed and sold by Sammich at Sammichscripts.

Website URL: https://sammichscripts.com.

Rights: To the full extent of the law, all sites and products of Sammich’s Premium Scripts are protected by the Copyright Act 1968 (Cth) (Australia) and all international equivalents. All intellectual property rights not expressly granted are expressly reserved to Sammich’s Premium Scripts.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

All. The user in question has cracked/hacked/Deobfuscated the product allowing it to run without proper licensing.
Repository link: https://github.com/Spoperman/sammichosrs

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes. There are multiple forks from older version of the software. We are not concerned with old broken versions of the software.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No. Violation of all copyright/ownership.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Remove copyrighted content, removal of users Github account for spreading cracked software. This repository can not be made private.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
