Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

A former [private] of our company has publicly posted an old copy of our source code on github. This source code was covered under his contracts with the company as copy-written company property. His relationship with the company did not end on good terms. It ended in 2019. I am the [private] of the company, Moon Technologies, Inc., that holds the copyright.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

This repository in its entirety is copyright work that was performed by the contractor as a work for hire: https://github.com/ZY-Ang/moon/tree/c045931c641e5e16e920817ec8de01aa2aa7eb10

Some files specifically have copyright notices in them:  
https://github.com/ZY-Ang/moon/search?q=copyright

Other files contain API keys (although we have since changed the keys), for example: https://github.com/ZY-Ang/moon/blob/c045931c641e5e16e920817ec8de01aa2aa7eb10/backend/Lambda/src/constants/sendgrid/config.js

The separation from the company was not on good terms, hence the repo description "Yeah, well, fuck you [private]". [private].

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The entirety of this repository should be taken down and is entirely covered under copyright: https://github.com/ZY-Ang/moon/tree/c045931c641e5e16e920817ec8de01aa2aa7eb10

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

Before the individual was terminated, we revoked the user's access to all repositories, company accounts, etc. and rotated all API keys; but since they performed work on their own computer and had a local copy, they were able to publish the source code from their local copy.

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

N/A

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, there are no forks from what we have seen.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

It should be their [private] associated with their [private] ([private]). I do not know the best contact information since they were terminated in 2019.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Phone: [private]  
Address:
[private]  
[private]  
Email: [private]  

Thank you!

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
