To Whom It May Concern:


I have read and understand Github’s Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.  It has come to our attention that the website located at https://github.com has copied and posted without permission certain copyrighted material owned by our company, Karat, Inc. (“Karat”).  Karat conducts technical interviews that involve coding and other practical exercises.  Karat owns copyright in the questions, answers, and other information provided during its interviews. Karat owns the exclusive copyrights to this content and the uploader in question is unauthorized to reproduce it.


The unauthorized and infringing copy or copies (the “Infringing Materials”) can be found at:


https://gist.github.com/christ776/2ca940cc9a17fbef270d58e69feb9f47

https://gist.github.com/cristinafilip/356cc33e86b4582f07c4b60a29ef2be2

https://gist.github.com/bradyclifford/cb1d28eacbac9bb67eed228c4707e515

https://gist.github.com/pablobastidasv/aa2d49d9191d65a40f2814f1780fc154


This letter is official notification under Section 512(c) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”), and I seek the immediate removal of the infringing material from your servers. I request that you immediately notify the infringer of this notice and demand that they cease any further posting of unauthorized Karat materials to your server in the future.


Please also be advised that law requires you, as a service provider, to remove or disable access to the infringing materials upon receiving this notice. Under US law a service provider, such as yourself, enjoys immunity from a copyright lawsuit if you act with deliberate speed to investigate and rectify ongoing copyright infringement. If service providers do not investigate and remove or disable the infringing material this immunity is lost. Therefore, for you to remain immune from a copyright infringement action you will need to investigate and ultimately remove or otherwise disable the infringing material from your servers with all due speed should the direct infringer not comply immediately.


Pursuant to 17 USC 512(c)(3)(A), this communication serves as a statement that:

I am writing on behalf of Karat and may be contacted by the following methods: 
  
Email (required): [private] & [private]

Address: [private]

Phone: [private]


I am a duly authorized representative of the exclusive rights holder of the copyright in the Infringing Materials identified above;


These exclusive rights are being violated by the copying and posting of such Infringing Materials on your website, at the URLs identified above;


I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration; and


I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.


Karat trusts that you will cooperate in resolving this matter quickly and amicably. If appropriate actions to remove all offending materials are not taken in a timely manner, Karat will consider all legal remedies available to it. This letter should not be construed as an offer of settlement or reliance on any specific facts or legal theory. Karat reserves all rights and remedies under applicable law.


Should you wish to discuss this with me please contact me directly. Thank you for your attention in this matter.


[private]

[private]

Karat, Inc.

[private]

[private]

[private]

[private]
