Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

Yes

**Please provide the Zendesk ticket number of your previously submitted notice. Zendesk ticket numbers are 7 digit ID numbers located in the subject line or body of your confirmation email.**

1707242

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I was commissioned by Asialnfo Technology,and I checked that some of the code was published on github.The company commissioned me to handle this matter!

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

1. My company is called AsiaInfo and "Linkage" is the old name of AsiaInfo. Our company's code is private and prohibited from being disclosed to the public. Therefore we cannot provide a URL to where it is posted online.  
2. We can provide some evidence that the code is ours.  
2.1 The name of our company ("Linkage") is in the code comments,  
File location: https://github.com/zhaojun1912/programming/blob/master/cprogramming/boss/src/eventor/EventCommon.h  
File content: String "[private]" on the second line  
2.2 Our company's product name "[private]" exists in the file content  
File location: https://github.com/zhaojun1912/programming/blob/master/cprogramming/boss/src/CVS/ROOT  
File content: String "[private]" on the first line  
2.3 There are many names of my colleagues in the file content, such as ([private], [private])  
File location: https://github.com/zhaojun1912/programming/blob/master/cprogramming/boss/bude/lang/include/base/Types.h  
File contents: string "[private]" on line 650 and string "[private]" on line 392  
2.4 In addition, the above-mentioned colleagues are all real, and their contact information:  
[private], full name: [private]; Email: [private]    
[private], full name: [private]; email: [private]  

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/zhaojun1912/programming/tree/master/cprogramming/boss

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

1.we often publicize and implement our policies to avoid code outflow.
2.we require employees to sign information security agreements to avoid code outflow.
3.our code has relevant labels,which can be used as evidence in the appeal.
4. It is forbidden to copy the code to the storage medium without permission.

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

The committer obtained our code through unknown means and submitted it. It maybe obtained from our storage medium or other means. We have made relevant safety regulations to prevent such incidents from happening.

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

no

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

We used to find the submitter's email address ([private]) in the code, but I sent too many emails and no one responded and couldn't be reached.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

emal: [private] ;[private]  
[private] : [private]  
tel : [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
