Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

Yes

**Please provide the Zendesk ticket number of your previously submitted notice. Zendesk ticket numbers are 7 digit ID numbers located in the subject line or body of your confirmation email.**

1680725

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am part of the Georgia Tech [private], and I have found code solutions for a class at Georgia Tech. Whenever student turn into their code assignments they agree to the Georgia Tech Honor Code stating they are not cheating or allowing others to cheat by sharing Georgia Tech’s assessment materials. The assignment materials were provided to students so that they could complete their tasks and isn't to be shared with others.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

It has come to our attention that the website, https://github.com/jfalkson/GeorgiaTech, has posted course materials created by the faculty of Georgia Institute of Technology (“Georgia Tech”). Also, some of the materials posted may contain third party information provided to Georgia Tech strictly for internal academic use by Georgia Tech.  
Georgia Tech owns a non-exclusive right to the faculty written materials which appear on your website and can only be used with prior written permission of Georgia Tech. Georgia Tech has not granted permission or license for this site to use the materials created by its faculty members or the third party materials provided to Georgia Tech for its internal academic use.  
Further, Georgia Tech is not aware of any permission or license that this site has from its faculty members to use their materials or from third parties to use the materials contained therein. Since no such permission or license has been provided to this site, their posting of this information is an unauthorized use and constitutes copyright infringement.  
Please immediately remove all posted items which contain faculty created content, including but not limited to project solutions, assignment answers, and class materials. Specifically, we request the faculty created content at the urls listed on the enclosed exhibit be removed from this website.
Alternatively, please provide me with copies of all of the licenses or permissions you have to post faculty materials.
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above as allegedly infringing is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification is accurate and that I am authorized to act on behalf of the Georgia Tech copyright owner and am authorized to act on behalf of Georgia Tech

Example of course materials:  
The repository contains code provided to complete assignments, and student agreed that the code was not to be shared when the accepted the Georgia Honor Code Agreement. The course page is located here: https://lucylabs.gatech.edu/kbai/summer-2021/ There is a note saying students don't have permission to post their completed assignments public. The code provided to the students is located: [private]
(The assignments are same for multiple semesters)
The repository contains also contains solutions for Georgia Tech courses Computational Photography and Computer Vision.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The entire repository contains Georgia Tech materials where no specific permission was provided to share publicly: https://github.com/jfalkson/GeorgiaTech

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

No forks found

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Repository can be made private

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

I don't have the contact information.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
