Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

We are Photo Collage & Grid - Foto Grid developer team, the original copyright owner of the application titled FacePic - AI Face App, which was developed and published by our team on 6 Sept 2023 on Google Play. As the sole owners, we hold exclusive rights to the software's source code, design, and associated intellectual property. This includes all content contained within the application unless otherwise noted. Our copyright ownership applies to all versions of the application distributed under our authorization.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The original copyrighted work is the application titled FacePic - AI Face App, developed and published by our team on 6 Sept 2023 on Google Play. The work includes the software's source code, design, user interface, and associated intellectual property. The app is available for download at the following URL:  
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=faceapp.photoeditor.face.faceedit.faceeditor

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The author, [private], has uploaded an unauthorized unlocked APK of our application, FacePic - AI Face App, which constitutes a serious infringement of our intellectual property rights. The infringing file can be found at the following link:
https://github.com/ElsayedKhater/Store/blob/7fac8a43fa47c1f22ee5628b7638f593ccef7028/FacePic_1.9.1.apk

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

I have searched for forks of the repository and only found the following that I believe is infringing and wish to have it taken down.
https://github.com/ElsayedKhater/Store/blob/7fac8a43fa47c1f22ee5628b7638f593ccef7028/FacePic_1.9.1.apk

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Our physical Address is as follows:  
HARDSTONE PTE. LTD.  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  

Please contact us via email at [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
