Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

My name is [private]. I am a [private] in the Broadband Video Group (BVG) at Broadcom. My sub-group creates the SDK’s for our DSL, PON, and Wifi gateways and routers. One of my responsibilities is to handle license and Intellectual Property issues for our SDK.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Broadcom only releases our SDK to companies who have signed a Software License Agreement (SLA) and Non-Disclosure Agreement (NDA) with us. The SDK is not available to anyone or any company who has not signed a SLA+NDA with Broadcom. Our license strictly protects our code and does not allow the posting of our code on public locations such as Github.

I have studied ArchPhoenixTeam's asuswrt-merlin.ng repo, as well as communicated with the maintainer of the master asuswrt-merlin.ng repo. What happened was that in Nov 2020, the master asuswrt-merlin.ng repo mistakenly uploaded some Broadcom copyrighted files. ArchPhonenix (among others) then forked from the master repo, thereby also getting a copy of the copyrighted files. The mistake was fixed in the master asuswrt-merlin.ng repo in Oct 2021, but ArchPhonenix (and others) did not sync to the latest version of asuswrt-merlin.ng repo.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The following directories from the [https://github.com/ArchPhoenixTeam/asuswrt-merlin.ng/ repo] (https://github.com/ArchPhoenixTeam/asuswrt-merlin.ng/repo) should be deleted:

release/src-rt-5.02axhnd.675x/bcmdrivers/broadcom/  
release/src-rt-5.02axhnd.675x/rdp/drivers/  
release/src-rt-5.02axhnd.675x/router-sysdep.rt-ax58u/cms_core/  
release/src-rt-5.02axhnd.675x/router-sysdep.rt-ax56u/cms_core/  
release/src-rt-5.02axhnd.675x/router-sysdep.rt-ax56u/mdk/  
release/src-rt-5.02axhnd.675x/router-sysdep.rt-ax58u/mdk/  
release/src-rt-5.02axhnd.675x/router-sysdep.rt-ax56u/eapd/  
release/src-rt-5.02axhnd.675x/router-sysdep.rt-ax58u/wlan/epittcp/  

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

ghostnup/asuswrt-merlin.ng  
trajano/asuswrt-merlin.ng  
macmata/asuswrt-merlin.ng  
BenD0G/asuswrt-merlin.ng  

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
Broadcom  
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
