Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**  
  
Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.   
  
**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**  
  
No  
  
**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**  
  
GitHub  
  
**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**  
  
My name is [private]. I am a [private] in the Broadband Video Group (BVG) at Broadcom. [private] [private] creates the SDK’s for our DSL, PON, and Wifi gateways and routers. One of [private] responsibilities is to handle license and Intellectual Property issues for our SDK.  
  
**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  
  
Broadcom releases our SDK to device manufacturers who have signed a Software License Agreement (SLA) and Non-Disclosure Agreement (NDA) with us. The SDK is not available to anyone or any company who has not signed a SLA+NDA with Broadcom. Our license does not allow the posting of our code on public locations such as Github. However, because our SDK also contains code which is licensed under the GPL, the device manufactures are required to make a "GPL release" containing the GPL code and the Broadcom proprietary code. The GPL code must be released in source code format, while the Broadcom code must be released in binary format.  
  
Sometime during 2020, one of our device manufacturers ([private]) made a release which mistakenly included our Broadcom proprietary code in source code format. They discovered and corrected this mistake in Oct 2021. However, in May 2020, the owner of this repo (eggfly) downloaded the GPL release from [private] which contained the Broadcom proprietary code in source format and uploaded it to this repo (rtax86u). There has been no activity in this repo since the initial upload in May 2020.  
  
The URL for the repo is: https://github.com/eggfly/rtax86u  
  
**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**  
  
Since this repo (eggfly/rtax86u) has not had any activity for over 4 years, ideally, we request that the entire repo be deleted. The owner can still get an updated GPL release from [private] which does not contain Broadcom proprietary source code and create a new Github repo.  
  
However, if the owner objects to deleting the entire repo, the following directories MUST be deleted since they contain Broadcom proprietary source code:  
release/43602/src/wl/sysdeps/RT-AC3200/clm/src/  
release/src-rt-5.02p1axhnd.675x/data-model/  
release/src-rt-5.02p1axhnd.675x/bcmdrivers/  
release/src-rt-5.02p1axhnd.675x/cfe/  
release/src-rt-5.02p1axhnd.675x/shared/broadcom/  
release/src-rt-5.02p1axhnd.675x/userspace/private/  
release/src-rt-5.02p1axhnd.675x/router-sysdep/  
release/src-rt-5.02p1axhnd.675x/rdp/  
release/src/router/acsd_arm_9/  
release/src/router/tmctl_lib/  
release/src/router/fcctl_lib/  
release/src/router/mcpctl/  
release/src/router/stress/  
release/src/router/ethctl/  
release/src/router/ethswctl/  
release/src/router/libupnp_arm_9/  
release/src/router/bcmmcastctl/  
release/src/router/wlan/  
release/src/router/shared/ethswctl.c  
release/src/router/shared/ethctl_cmd.c  
release/src/router/vlanctl/  
release/src/router/vlanctl_lib/  
release/src/router/wlcsm/  
release/src/router/tmctl/  
release/src/router/mcpd/  
release/src/router/vpmstats/  
release/src/router/bcmmcast/  
release/src/router/bcmtm_lib  
release/src/router/ethswctl_lib/  
release/src/router/pwrctl/  
release/src/router/swmdk/  
release/src/router/mdk/  
release/src/router/bpmctl/  
release/src/router/ethctl_lib/  
release/src/router/fcctl/  
  
**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**  
  
No  
  
**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  
  
There are 6 forks of the eggfly/rtax86u repo. None of them have any activity other than the initial fork. (I originally submitted a takedown request Ticket# 3185568, which did not contain these forks. I am now submitting a new request which includes these 6 forked repos).  
  
https://github.com/afeng11/rtax86u  
https://github.com/baidxi/rtax86u  
https://github.com/crazyn2/rtax86u  
https://github.com/miaoxd/rtax86u  
https://github.com/syzh120/rtax86u  
https://github.com/xujwoo/rtax86u  
  
**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**  
  
No  
  
**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**  
  
Reported content must be removed  
  
**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**  
  
No.  
  
**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**  
  
**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**  
  
**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**  
  
**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**  
  
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**  
  
[private]  
[private]    
[private]  
  
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**  
  
[private]  
