**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am the [private] and [private] of the proprietary codebase and related materials for the SaaS project "NetSoo." This project is under active development, and [private] retain full ownership of all intellectual property rights associated with it. The content hosted in the repository in question was published without [private] authorization, violating [private] ownership rights.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The copyrighted work includes the proprietary source code, documentation, and other related materials for "NetSoo," a SaaS platform currently in development. While the project is not yet published publicly, I can provide evidence of its creation and ownership, including contracts and development documentation.  
The unauthorized materials are hosted in this GitHub repository:  
https://github.com/abitech3/NetSoo

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The entire repository contains unauthorized materials and should be removed. The repository URL is:
https://github.com/abitech3/NetSoo

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, I have searched for forks of the repository. Based on my investigation, I believe that any forks of the repository are likely to contain the same infringing content and should also be removed.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

The alleged infringer’s GitHub username is abitech3, phone numer: [private], he lives in [private]. Unfortunately, I do not have additional contact information.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Phone: [private]  
Address: [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
