While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

We are the company that develops the library which is uploaded without permission and with critical changes on GitHub.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Phpdocx is a document generation library. It is a paid, commercial product, a proprietary software.

https://www.phpdocx.com/

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

This entire repository:

https://github.com/masroore/phpdocx

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

phpdocx is a paid product. One must pay for it in order to get access to it.

Once the user pays for it, it is implied that they agree with the License Conditions, which forbids its public distribution. More about this in following answers.

For our Trial version, the code of our product is obfuscated. In this case, the code of the files also indicates that they belong to a Trial version of our licenses.

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

The user has taken the code of the product and distributed it in public, thus going against the product´s License Conditions.

Also, the user has removed the messages that indicate that the files belong to a Trial version. Then, the user has replaced the obfuscated code with the real, functioning one and made it accessible to other users.

Even worse, the user has changed the license text with another one that states that it is an "open license" (MIT), which is completely false.

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

There are no other forks that we can see.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

Yes

**Which license?**

Open source is not the same as Free source. This is a proprietary product. It is allowed to see, check or modify the source code for personal use but not to redistribute it.

**How do you believe the license is being violated?**

Here are the license conditions which the fork is violating:

https://www.phpdocx.com/license-conditions

1. The customer (Licensee) agrees to be bound by this License Agreement once the purchase process of the PHPDOCX license has been completed.
4. This license gives the Licensee the right to install PHPDOCX in ONE server/VPS/container/machine for production use. The license is tied to a single and particular domain/project/client specified by the Licensee during the purchase process. Therefore, the license CAN NOT be used or moved to a different domain/project/client unless the license transfer process specified by the Licensor has been previously complied with.
5. This license also grants the Licensee the right to install the PHPDOCX library package in localhost, private networks and servers/VPS/containers/machines for development and testing purposes but NOT for production.
6. The Licensee may not redistribute PHPDOCX in its current version or with any modification of the source code introduced by the Licensee.
7. The Licensee CAN NOT redistribute PHPDOCX package as part of other product without the explicit permission by writing of the copyright holder (Licensor) of PHPDOCX.
8. The Licensee will not remove or modify any copyright notice from any of the source files included in the PHPDOCX package.
10. The trial package CAN NOT be used in production environments. It can be used only for testing purposes.
11. The watermarks added by the trial package CAN NOT be removed from the documents.

**What changes can be made to bring the project into compliance with the license? For example, adding attribution, adding a license, making the repository private.**

We ask the repository to be taken down, removed, as this user has violated our License Conditions, which we consider a extremely serious situation and a real damage to our business.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

We have no contact information of this person, that's why we fill this form. Thanks in advance for your help.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

phpdocx  
[private]  

Address:  
[private]  
[private]  
Phone number: Tel: [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private], NarceaLabs.
