**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

[private] the rightful owner of the copyrighted content related to the Sing-box project. [private] GitHub username is @sinabigo, and [private] exclusively developed and published this project. [private] all rights to the content, and no third party has been authorized to use, copy, or distribute this work.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The original copyrighted work consists of proprietary source code, documentation, and related materials for the Sing-box project. This content was created and published by [private] under [private] GitHub account @sinabigo, and it contains unique code structures and designs specifically developed for the project. The original repository can be found at the following URL:  
https://github.com/sinabigo/Sing-box

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The following unauthorized repositories and links contain infringing content and should be taken down:  
• GitHub Repository: https://github.com/IranRamona/Wearestand  
• [private]:  
[private]

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, I have searched for forks. Currently, the main repository that contains the infringing content is:  
https://github.com/IranRamona/Wearestand

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No, I do not have the infringer’s contact information.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Phone Number: [private]  
Address: [private]  
[private]: [private]  
[private]: [private]: [private], [private]: [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
