Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

Dear GitHub Official Team,

Hello!

Seven years ago, I first got acquainted with GitHub and was deeply impressed by its open - source spirit. Subsequently, I uploaded my project [HMS] to the GitHub platform. However, due to concerns about code privacy and security risks, I quickly changed the code repository from public to private. Moreover, my project [HMS] has never authorized others to fork it at will. After these settings, I thought there would be no more problems.

Recently, however, I was surprised to find that a user named [Shadowhello] forked my [HMS] project as early as seven years ago. This situation has made me extremely uneasy. I have tried many times to contact this user, but I have never been successful. Helplessly, I had to delete my [HMS] project.

Even so, currently, the [HMS] project forked by [Shadowhello] can still be quickly retrieved on GitHub through keywords. This situation has made me extremely worried and sleepless.

Here, I sincerely request the GitHub official team. Could you help me take down the publicly available [HMS] project under [Shadowhello]'s name, or set it to an invisible state? In this way, this project cannot be retrieved on GitHub through keywords. This is of great significance to me. I sincerely look forward to your support and help.

I have carefully read the official guidelines on GitHub, and the following is the specific description information:

1、I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

2、Project Information  
repositories name HMS  
repositories URL https://github.com/Shadowhello/HMS  
MY repositories URL deleted

3、Project Information  
repositories name HMS  
repositories URL https://github.com/Shadowhello/HMS

4、take down the publicly available [HMS] project or set it to an invisible state

5、My Information  
Email [private]  
Name [private]  
Phone [private]  
Address[private]  
github homepage [private]  
github account [private]  
github email [private]  
Repositories Code name HMS deleted

6、He or she Information  
github homepage [private]  
github account [private]  
Public repositories HMS Fork from me

7、I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

8、I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

9、My handwritten signature  
[private]  
