Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

The copyrighted material in question pertains to proprietary software developed and owned by Telkom [private], specifically a GIS-based website system used for mapping the locations of corporate or business customers in [private]. This system is designed to assist technicians and streamline customer data collection. As a representative of Telkom [private], I am authorized to act on behalf of the company in matters related to the enforcement of its intellectual property rights.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The original copyrighted work is a proprietary software project developed internally by Telkom [private], [private], for mapping the locations of corporate or business customers in [private]. This project includes custom-developed scripts, algorithms, and user interfaces designed specifically for Telkom [private] operational needs. It is not publicly available or distributed under an open-source license and is intended solely for internal use by Telkom [private].

Due to the proprietary nature of the work, it is not hosted online for public access. However, documentation and internal records confirming the development and ownership of this software are available upon request to verify the legitimacy of this claim.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/alifahfathonah/Website-Sistem-Informasi-Geografis-Witel-Makassar-GIS-/tree/master

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, I have conducted a search for forks of the allegedly infringing repository. To the best of my ability, I have identified all known forks that also contain the infringing material. The details of these forks, including their URLs, are included in this complaint. Each identified fork has been reviewed individually to confirm the presence of infringing content.

If additional forks are discovered after submitting this notice, I will follow up with GitHub to address them appropriately.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Other Change

**Describe the change.**

The best solution for the alleged infringement would be to have the repository made private to restrict public access to the copyrighted material. If the author does not respond or take corrective action within a reasonable timeframe, the repository should be taken down to prevent further unauthorized distribution.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
