While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am the [private] at Myriad Genetics, Inc. (“Myriad”) and oversee [private]. I have authorization to act upon behalf of Myriad.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Myriad’s proprietary code has been posted to https://github.com/iCheese-Soft/website by a former employee of Myriad. This source code has been developed internally by Myriad employees in connection with Myriad’s business. All Myriad employees sign an invention assignment agreement that assigns to Myriad all copyright, works of authorship, and other intellectual property resulting from any work performed for Myriad. The former employee has posted this proprietary code in violation of his employment agreements and without authorization by Myriad.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

We believe the sole use of the iCheese-Soft account is to reveal Myriad’s proprietary source code, and the account should be taken down for that reason. As noted above, the former employee is not authorized to post this source code and is doing so in violation of his employment agreements with Myriad.

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

Our code in GitHub is stored in [private] connected to an [private] that requires authentication and authorization via our corporate identity management system to access. The code in question is not publicly accessible in those [private].

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

The code is in an unauthorized location and is publicly accessible. The code was improperly retained and disclosed by the iCheese-Soft account owner.

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, we have begun a search for other copies but have not identified any other forks.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

We have already identified the relevant GitHub account.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
