While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I'm the [private] of SaaSykit, which is a product that [private] sell access to by inviting [private] customers to the project on Github.

[private]

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

On the license of [private] product, it's stated clearly that a user shall not share the project publicly. Here is the exact term from the license:

Licensee is expressly prohibited from:

a. Sharing, publishing, distributing, or otherwise making the source code, binaries, or any derivative works of the SaaSykit software publicly available on the internet or any other public forum.

Here is a link to my project's license:

[private]

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

This repository should be taken down: https://github.com/wahibzakraoui/saasykit2501

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

[private] use Github API to invite users to [private] project after they purchase, but for this particular infringer he is not on the list of [private] customers, so probably he is affiliated with one of [private] customers but I don't know who of them.

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

The infringer made a public fork of [private] project, which is prohibited by the license.

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Repository can be made private

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No, couldn't get that.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Please find my phone number here: [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
