**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

Yes

**Please provide the Zendesk ticket number of your previously submitted notice. Zendesk ticket numbers are 7 digit ID numbers located in the subject line or body of your confirmation email.**

3186847

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

I am the [private] of the original GitHub repository - [private] - which had been taken down by me because it contained non-public copyrighted data that belongs to (IMT ICE Mortgage Technology) a subsidiary of ICE (Intercontinental Exchange), where [private] work at. The data in the repository is copyright of and owned by IMT and contains internal IP addresses and host names, deployment configuration files, and other internal data

There was another fork made from [private] original repository which are still available and we need your help to take them down as it is the company's internal non-public data and should not be up on GitHub in those repositories. The URL of the forked repositories that need to be taken down:

https://github.com/fatihsirin/spnk1

I've checked the above URL and content of the forked repository and it matches to our original repo and no changes made since last 6 years when it was first forked.

I am the [private] of the data and the original repository. Please let me know if you have any other questions.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The entire forked repo needs to be taken down -

https://github.com/fatihsirin/spnk1

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

https://github.com/fatihsirin/spnk1

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

NO

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Phone - [private]  
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
