While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice, and I'm the [private] of the [private] S-Corp, Ethnio, Inc., which has 100% copyrighted ownership of all private source code we've created. Our main site is here: https://ethn.io/ and you can see I'm also the [private] of the private [private]  for Ethnio.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Our copyrighted source code in our private [private] on [private] here: [private]

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/Ethnio-sourcecode/ethnio-sourcecode

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

All the security measures that go with a private [private] in [private], along with SSO for Ethnio and robust security policies internally, including SOC2 certification for the organization.

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

A hacker gained access to our private [private] by faking [private] credentials, and was banned from [private]. After they were banned they started sending us blackmail emails demanding we pay $1400 or they would publish our source code. [private] advised us not to pay and so the hacker published our source code.

We had hired them via [private] and were going through a test project when they were caught using a VPN and faking identification, but unfortunately we did give them access to our [private] during that time.

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

I have not identified any forks of the infringing repository.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No, he was hired using a fake identity on [private] with the name [private], but was banned so no idea what his real name or contact info is.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
[private]

[private]  
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
