Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

Attention DMCA and/or  Legal Department:

This is an urgent infringement notice concerning [private] hosted on [private]. This domain is violating international copyright law, and engaging in unlawful piracy that affects [private] bestselling book and many other copyrighted book.

This notice is an official notification under Title II of the US Copyright Law, Section 512(c) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) and is being sent under penalty of perjury.  I have a good faith belief that the disputed use of the copyrighted material is not authorized by the copyright owner, my agent, or the law, and that the information in this Notice is accurate.   I declare, under penalty of perjury, that I am the owner of the copyright or of an exclusive right under the copyright that is allegedly infringed. I am the [private], [private] and [private] of the bestselling books: Why Men Love Bitches© (the text is copyrighted, and trademark registration [private]). I am authorized to send this DMCA notice.

This notice informs you in good faith that current infringing content is located and displayed on your [private] platform without authorization. [private] does not have a license or permission to distribute or to offer a PDF link to [private] book. The infringing domain is displaying a pirated, unauthorized edition of [private] bestselling book. Pursuant to Title II of the DMCA the provisions of Section 512(c), Pursuant to DMCA, hereby request that you disable the 


INFRINGING URLS:  
https://github.com/yangjf2019/to_read_books/blob/main/Why%20Men%20Love%20Bitches.pdf

SCREENSHOTS ARE BELOW.

The statements made in this notice are true and accurate to the best of my knowledge and I declare under penalty of perjury that I am the copyright owner and I am authorized to make this request. 

Electronic Signature: 

s/[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
