Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

[private]

To the Platform Owner:

This notice is being delivered to you in relation to:

Sirs,

1. The Board of Control for Cricket in India (“BCCI”) is the sole authority to grant, license and sell (including for onward licensing) broadcast and media rights arising out of the Indian Premier League 2023 (“Event”).

2. We represent the legal interests of Viacom18 Media Private Limited (“Viacom18”), the official digital streaming partner of the Event. The intellectual property rights include the copyright in and the rights to broadcast live audio-visual coverage of various properties licensed to Viacom18 in relation to the Event, in the Indian sub-continent (“Licensed Properties”). These rights include Mobile Rights and Internet Rights for Live, Deferred, Delayed broadcasts and Highlights for all matches relating to the Licensed Properties on the Internet (“Exclusive Rights”). These Exclusive Rights have been licensed to Viacom18 and as an authorized licensee it is entitled to enforce these rights.

3. The mobile application(s) being made available through the URL(s) below is making available Event footage from the Licensed Properties. To our knowledge, the use of the proprietary Event footage by third parties in the mobile applications has not been licensed by BCCI and therefore violates the Exclusive Rights granted to Viacom18. The mobile application(s) are being made available at the following URL(s):

https://raw.githubusercontent.com/abbasshakhi/RTS/main/RTS_ADS_FREE.apk  
[private]

4. With this as background, we demand that, on behalf of githubusercontent.com and all of its functionaries and affiliates, you

(i) acknowledge receipt of this email immediately;

(ii) cease and desist from listing mobile applications using the Event footage on your platform;

(iii) ensure unlicensed developers cease and desist from associating, in any manner whatsoever, with the Event; and

(iv) confirm in writing your full compliance with each of the above demands.

5. Please note that in the event of your failure to comply within 24 hours from the receipt of this notice, Viacom18 and its licensees reserve the right to take any further action they may deem appropriate to protect their rights and interests in this matter, including but not limited to, legal proceedings.

6. This notice is not, and is not intended to be, a complete statement of the facts or law as they may pertain to this matter or of Viacom18’s positions, rights or remedies, legal or equitable, all of which are specifically reserved.

Truthfully,

[private]  
[private]  
Authorised agent for: Viacom18 Media Private Limited

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

https://www.jiocinema.com/sports/tata-ipl/3694749

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://raw.githubusercontent.com/abbasshakhi/RTS/main/RTS_ADS_FREE.apk  
[private]  
https://github.com/abbasshakhi

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

https://github.com/abbasshakhi/

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
