**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Hello again, I'm filing this second request per the instructions I received from Github support email. I really appreciate your help having already removed the DigiVax repos. This request covers the CW-Intranet repo this individual has now also illegally published.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

As mentioned in our email thread, my company hired [private] through [private] to work as a software developer on our projects. We worked on two key projects, DigiVax and one called CW-Wisernet. Andrii is now a software developer at [private].

It has since come to my attention that [private] sub-contracted our work to another developer. This was not authorized and [private] was lying about having done all the work himself. This second developer has written me, provided screenshots showing his previous working relationship with [private] and confirmed he is responsible for posting the source code for CW-Wisernet to his KumarCodes repo. I have linked it below.

https://github.com/kkumarcodes/cw-wisernet

Please note, on his [private] account here [private] I see a placeholder repo created last month for [private]. While it is currently empty, he might attempt to commit the same code which is now publicly available in the above linked repo. My question: once code is removed from Github, if a user attempts to publish the same code again on a new account, will it be blocked from being shared publicly? I hope so... thank you for confirming.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/kkumarcodes/cw-wisernet

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

We do not believe there are any forks.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

[private]

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
