While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am an [private] at Sideways6 (in the [private]). They have asked me to file a takedown notice.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

We (Sideways 6) hired an [private] recently. He turned out to have 2 full time jobs, we fired him. He sent us multiple threats in order to extort money from us, mainly releasing our source code to the public. He is know saying that he will do more than this. This is our private source code that is protect by our [private] contract that he has signed. Authorities (including [private] Police) have been contacted but to no avail, it seems he might be using a fake identity.

Our source code has been released here: https://github.com/webcryptodev/sideways6-project-source-code

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

All the files in this repository our ours, please remove the repository and prevent any subsequent attempts to release it again. Our source code has been released here: https://github.com/webcryptodev/sideways6-project-source-code

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

Our source code is in a private [private]. Only employees can have access to it.

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

It's not circumventing our protection measures, he gained access to the source code by being [private] with us and then breaking the rules of his [private] contract and releasing it. Authorities (including [private] Police) have been contacted but to no avail, it seems he might be using a fake identity.

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

No, there doesn't seem to be any.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

He is not willing to negotiate. Our lawyers have advised us not to contact him or reply to him. We are happy to reveal the threat email he has sent us.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Preferred contact via mobile numbers.  
[private] mobile number: [private]  
[private] mobile number: [private]  
Address: [private], [private], [private], [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
