**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

We are of BeiJing WoFeng Technology Company, which developing enterprise oriented Intelligent customer service system.  
Company Name (English): Beijing Wofeng Shidai Data Technology Co., Ltd.  
Company Name (Chinese): 北京沃丰时代数据科技有限公司  
our homepage: https://www.udesk.cn/  
the project name being infringed: udesk insight  

The following are the process by which we discovered the infriging repository.

1.We use the Github Monitor for daily examination, it's an open source software to scan some keywords on github, and we configured our company's keywords such as "Udesk Insight", udesk insight is one of our proprietary products  
2.The github monitor reported some scanning results out of someone's repository, the codes are from our company, but that person is of another company.  
3.We had tried to contact him to let him takedown those infringing files in his repository but didn't get any response, so we have to use the dmca way to submit a takedown Notice
4.We are of 北京沃丰时代 company, and he is of [private] company, two companies have similar business. I could infer that he is an front-end web developer, he copied our front-end web codes just for working efficiently, even copied thoes keywords without changing the codes

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

https://github.com/WangMargin/moyu

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

All files should be taken down immediately.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, all the forks have been identified and reported for taking down.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No, the code is not shared under the open-source license and is the property of the author of the Udesk.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Removal.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private].  
mobile phone: [private]  
email: [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private] 
