**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I paid an external contractor to build a small Twiio chat app. The app is for a private company and private use.  
Here is a link to the [private] contract [private]

The original code was stored in our private GitLab repo - [private]  
I was alerted by Twilio that are api keys were public [private]

The chat app was a new addition to our private software https://blayze.io/  
You can see several references to "blayze" in the code.  
https://github.com/devwebok123/nodeJS-socket.io-chat-app/blob/main/config/index.js#L16

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

https://github.com/devwebok123/nodeJS-socket.io-chat-app

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

All of them. The code is property of the company and is not available publicly.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

No. I am not that concerned about forks.  
This app was probably originally forked from something else.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No. Private company. Private code.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

It should be deleted entirely given it was either stolen or made public without approval.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

He was contracted via [private].

But his name is [private]  
[private]

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
[private]  
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
