**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Employee of Caller ID Reputation, company which owns code published in the repository. 

Caller ID Reputation  
[private]  
[private], [private]  

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

https://github.com/tomtechservice/callerid-laravel-unittesting

This is old source code of my employer's web application from April of 2019. We believe it was taken from a compromised cPanel box from a while back. This code includes sensitive API keys(which have since been pulled) but the code is still out there and we'd like it taken down.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The entire repository: https://github.com/tomtechservice/callerid-laravel-unittesting

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes. There are no forks as of now.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

The work is not license under an open source license. This is closed source code.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

We'd like the whole repository removed.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

Unfortunately, we don't.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  

Caller ID Reputation
ATTN: [private]  
[private]  
[private], [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
