**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Say Digital Limited (trading as MOHARA) are a software supplier to Medidata Exchange Limited. We have developed an application called eMR for Medidata Exchange Limited, as can be seen here: https://www.medi2data.com/products/  
The software we have developed is owned by Medidata Exchange Limited, but we are authorised to act as the originator of the software.  
The Medidata Exchange Limited founder is [private] and can be contacted on [private]  

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

eMR is a service enabling GP practices to create digital, GDPR-compliant Subject to Access Requests (SARs) and third party medical reports. It connects to the primary care systems within GP Surgeries. The system has the following features and more:  
- Allows creation of auto-redacted digital reports by GP Surgeries.  
- Provides secure access to SARs for patients and third parties.  
- Allows GP Surgeries to create an NHS Summary report for Patient Online Access  
- There are multi-site / multi tenancy features, allowing shared services for practices  
- The product is entirely web-based, allowing remote working through secure access for GPs  
- The fee and invoicing modules auto-generate fee notes and electronic payments  
- The onboarding flow enables quick set up for a GP Practice - currently this is only available to GP Surgeries using EMIS  

https://www.medi2data.com/products/

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The entire repository needs to be taken down.

https://github.com/devmikede/Python_Test

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

There are no forks of this repository

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

The work is not licensed under an open source license

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The infringement is outright theft of a codebase, from either an ex-employee or a contractor who worked for us. The base repository is a private repository hosted on another platform.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

[private]

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

+[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
