Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to make changes
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am [private] for OneTrust LLC who is the copyright owner of the document that is posted in violation of confidentiality obligations.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

This project: https://github.com/didtechnics/didtechnics.github.io has publicly posted the OneTrust User Manual, which is copyrighted and is subject to strict confidentiality obligations which prohibit public disclosure. The User Guide is located here:  https://github.com/didtechnics/didtechnics.github.io/raw/e9bace9867852c7ce44a7f654af02b1b1a76c4c6/files/uploads/onetrust_user_guide.pdf  
The user “[private]” has publicly posted the OneTrust User Guide at the following location:   https://github.com/didtechnics/didtechnics.github.io/blob/master/files/uploads/onetrust_user_guide.pdf

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/didtechnics/didtechnics.github.io/blob/master/files/uploads/onetrust_user_guide.pdf  
https://github.com/didtechnics/didtechnics.github.io/raw/e9bace9867852c7ce44a7f654af02b1b1a76c4c6/files/uploads/onetrust_user_guide.pdf

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

I have not been able to locate any other location of the file, however, if this user does have it posted on any other locations it needs to be removed.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

In order to remedy this infringement, the user needs to delete the entire file and remove it from the repository.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

It is possible, though not confirmed, the Alleged Infringer could be contacted via the following:  
name title linkedin twitter github
[private] [private] [private] [private] [private]

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private], [private]  
1200 Abernathy Road NE Building 600 Atlanta, Georgia 30328  
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
