**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am [private] for Kohl's Department Stores, Inc. ("Kohl's") and I am authorized to enforce Kohl's intellectual property rights.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Kohl's owns all rights, including but not limited to copyrights, in development code written by current or former employees and contractors. The copyrighted code identified at the links below ("Identified Code") is specific to Kohl's, and contains proprietary information including naming schema, IP addresses, and credentials to infrastructure. The details are numerous and scattered throughout the following repositories:
https://github.com/pleonovitch/airflow_webexchat_plugin

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

All of the Identified Content, including the entire pleonovitch/airflow_webexchat_plugin needs to be removed. The URLs for the Identified Content are as follows:
https://github.com/pleonovitch/airflow_webexchat_plugin

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes, we have reviewed the forks and the same data is posted in both of the ashnee repositories:
https://github.com/pleonovitch/airflow_webexchat_plugin

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

Upon information and belief, Kohl's is not aware of any agreement, license, or permission granted to the owner of the Identified Content.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Upon information and belief, Kohl's is not aware of any agreement, license, or permission granted to the owner of the Identified Content.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No. Kohl's does not have contact information for the owner(s) of either repository.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

Corporate Headquarters Kohl's, Inc. N56 W17000 Ridgewood Drive Menomonee Falls, WI 53051

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
