**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

My name is [private], I represent 8i ([private]), a private company. As the [private] across 8i Corporation and its various entities (8i Limited & 8i East, Inc), I am directly involved in all 8i legal matters. The copyright in question is source code IP for our volumetric video software, which is the heart of our business. Source code for a specific element of our software was published by a former employee to a personal and public repository after his employment had ended with our company.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

A former employee, [private], (https://github.com/ssrb), while under the employee of 8i, with a signed employment agreement outlining confidentiality and proprietary rights, committed code to an 8i repository in May 2017 (his employment was from Nov 2016 - Dec 2017).  
Link: [private]

In May of 2018, he committed nearly identical source code to his public repository, link:  
https://github.com/ssrb/seba-video/commit/53f235aec24a554ebba320020a778998816bc6f7

This is a blatant and aggressive violation of his employment terms and a direct threat to our business' IP and needs to be removed from Github immediately.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The following URL/repository and all its forks need to be taken down:
https://github.com/ssrb/seba-video

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

There is one fork of the public fork (https://github.com/chinakook/seba-video). Its hard to know if someone copied the code without forking but a quick github search didn't turn anything up.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

As far as I know we don't license this as open source it would probably fall under proprietary. We don't see any licensing on his repository.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The repo needs to be removed immediately.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

These are from our employee files which may not be his current contact information:  
Email: [private]  
Phone Number: ([private]) [private]  

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private] - [private], [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private] 
