Dear Sir or Madam:  

I am [private] of cPanel, Inc. (cPanel). cPanel is the owner of the hosting automation software known as “cpanel” and “WHMCS”. Further, cPanel owns the exclusive copyright in the look and feel of the cPanel and WHMCS products, including design, layout, colors and graphics, as well as cPanel certification materials (cPanel Product).  

On or about February 24, 2021, cPanel determined that the User is distributing answers to the cPanel certification exam, infringing cPanel’s copyrights. The User is providing a cheat sheet of questions and answers for usage on cPanel certification exams at https://gist.github.com/WganMe/38df11a630b77516f2803d70287239c9. A screenshot of the offending material is attached as Exhibit A.  

cPanel is vigilant in policing third party uses that could lead to consumer confusion as to the source or affiliation of particular products and services, or that could otherwise impair the function of the cPanel Product. We have not authorized this use of our copyrighted materials and demand that the User immediately cease and desist distributing the cPanel Product.  

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Should you have any questions or wish to discuss this matter, please feel free to contact me.

Very truly yours,

[private]  
2550 N Loop West | Suite 4006 | Houston, Texas 77092 | cpanel.net | [private]
