**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

The copyrighted work that is reproduced and made available for copying by the repository identified below is Apple's internal unreleased software source code. The copyright therein is owned by Apple. I am an attorney with Reed Smith LLP, which advises Apple Inc. in certain intellectual property matters. I am authorized by Apple to act on their behalf in this matter.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

https://github.com/valliqa27/selenium-hub

The source code available at this repository is Apple's internal unreleased software source code. The copyright therein is owned by Apple. This is software source code from a project that was created by a former employee of Apple within the scope of that employee’s employment, thus the copyright in this work vest in Apple as the Author of the work. The source code that is Apple’s copyright protected work is the source code within the repository linked above, where it is posted online. The source code is Apple’s unreleased, unpublished internal source code project that Apple has never made publicly available. If you believe additional details are necessary, please identify what more you need to know in order “to do something about it” (which is the Applicable standard as described by the 4th Circuit). But, I understand that GitHub makes DMCA takedown notices publicly available; with that in mind it is unreasonable to ask that Apple include more detail about its unpublished source code.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/valliqa27/selenium-hub

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

NA

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

NA

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Please disable or remove the respository located at this URL: https://github.com/valliqa27/selenium-hub

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

NA

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

225 Fifth Ave [private]  
Reed Smith Centre  
Pittsburgh PA 15222

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
