Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to make changes
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I behalf our company to submit the take down application. We have the intellectual copyrights of the code, which has been certified by Chinese law.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The code we want to take down is the SDK of our system. This is not a open source system, we have fully copyright of any code related to it. The url containing in the code has the domin name of our company, which is 'cfmmc'. Our system is for user to open account in China's Futures Market.  
Please check the url: https://ficaos5.cfmmc.com/. This is the front page of our system.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

The files we want to take down is : https://github.com/fuqingming/JRYJY-master/tree/master/cfmmc.  
Every file should be deleted in this url.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

We don't find any fork of this code. The url I give is the only one that we want to take down.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

This is not a open source project and we have the copyrights of the whole system, so any code of our system should not be found here. We have Software Copyright issued by China's National Copyright Administration.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

The best way to solve our concern is to take down the code immediately. We don't think make repository private can solve this issue.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

We can not get in touch with the author of this repository.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

My phone number is [private].  
My physical address is [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
