Hello Dear Github:

We Are

 Huaxin Consulting Co., Ltd It is nice to be able to use Github such a professional and efficient platform,and now we have need to be very hopefully able to get Github's support and resolution.

 We have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Fillng a DMCA Notice.

Our company created a Repository called "hbmcpm8" last year ,which contained creators,contents and domain name are all owned by the company.Later to und that before we deleted,the user named xeonye completely forked our entire Repository,and it still exists.

The following is Github's URL and Screenshots about our forked Repository:

https://github.com/xeonye/hbmcpm8



Since "hbmcpm8" contains the company's important source code,algorithm and system configuration information,belonging to the company's internal data assets,so we hope Github as soon as possible to help us completely remove xeonye/hbmcpm8 and thank you very much!

 

*******************************************************

The following is our contact information:  

Company Name:Huaxin Consulting Co., Ltd.  

My e-mail Address:[private]  

Cellphone:[private]  

Company address:Hangzhou City, Zhejiang Province China.  

Website:https://hxzx.zbytb.com/.  

*******************************************************

 

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner,or its agent,or the law.I have taken fair use into consideration.  

AND "Also include the following statement:"I swerar,under penalty of perjury,that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner,or an authorized to act on behalf of the owner,of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  

Hoping for your response and thanks again.  
