**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**   
Yes

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**   
We were notified by [private] about a suspicious usage of some of our API calls and found two repos that seem to be from the same user but different github accounts. Our repos are actually on [private] and were removed from github months ago, but all the sudden these new copies have popped up.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**   
These are two are the repos from the same person, different accounts but the same copy of our code that shouldn't be public.   
https://github.com/lucky-mobile/BillyGo   
https://github.com/uros-matejic38/Ionic-billygo

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**   
Just the two repos noted here:   
https://github.com/lucky-mobile/BillyGo   
https://github.com/uros-matejic38/Ionic-billygo

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**   
No they do not have open source license

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**   
This is privately owned code, the should not have it at all and for sure not have it public.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**   
No we do not, just the two user accounts.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

Confirmed, I have read.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**   
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**   
[private]

