**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**   
Yes

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**   
The code that is in this repository is part of a private repository that is hosted on [private]. The person that posted it on Github may have been employed by our company previously but they are not authorized to post this code publicly.

In an earlier version of the repo there was a message that explicitly used language that is meant to extort Bindo - it stated something along the lines of "Fuck You Bindo pay me". And the name of the repo also contains similar language in the url: "fukyoubindopayme"

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**   
The full repository https://github.com/fukyoubindopayme/bindo-payment-sdk

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**   
Yes this fork should also be taken down https://github.com/soloicesky/bindo-payment-sdk

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**   
No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**   
The repository should be removed in its entirety

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**   
No

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**   
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**   
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**   
I confirm  

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**   
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**   
[private]
