**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**   
Yes.   
**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**   
1. Our source code does not have a direct link, but I can show you our project's code in our own [private]. The following screenshots are the time when we create this project, the mid-term developing, and the branches we created.   
[private]  
2.Moreover, I noticed you need us to explain our content. The following is the explanation. I don't know whether it is detailed enough, so let me know if the explanation is not what you want. 
The full name of this project, NetApp, calls WangLuoTianXia (网罗天下). It is created with React Native, a JavaScript framework to build native mobile apps using JavaScript and React. WangLuoTianXia project is built aimed to provide a platform for provincial branches of CMCC (China Mobile Communications) to run their company's business,such as product customization, enterprise search, bidding information, news of industries, etc.   
3.Lastly, how mengyou658 infringed us? When our company's security department liquidated assets, they searched GitHub to see if our own assets (or code) were copied, and they found netApp project was shown on mengyou658's repositories list as well as the detailed code updated on 16 May 2018. However, we don't want our code showing on GitHub, so we try to contact mengyou658 by issuing him in his other repository (keywords). But we didn't receive his reply. Strangely, we also noticed he had updated some codes in some other repositories recently, which indicates that he logged in GitHub in these days and he found our issues without taking any actions.   
We are depressed to his ignoring us. So please help us to delete his copy. We would be appreciate to receive your positive reply.   
The below is DMCA copyright notice:   
[private]

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**   
https://github.com/mengyou658/netapp   
**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**   
Yes,I have searched for forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories.Only this user copy my code.   
**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**   
No,it is personal code, our company's private source.   
**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**   
I wish you delete this project netapp. I have deleted it in Github,but this user(mengyou658) copied my code and uploaded it.   
**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**   
I don't have mengyou658's contact information.   
**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**   
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.   
**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**   
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.   
**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**   
Yes,I have.   
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**   
[private]  
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**   
[private]

