**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**

Yes.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

ESET is the developer of ESET NOD32 Antivirus, ESET Internet Security, ESET Mobile Security, ESET Smart Security and other security software. ESET's software is available from www.eset.com.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**

https://gist.github.com/RMuskovets/a4d33501b68fa5e20cc08be37e601e55   
https://gist.github.com/Bfaschat/62197ff404e6122cd108955fd1120fe5

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Yes.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

No. ESET's software is closed-source.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

ESET sells licenses for these programs over the Internet. ESET uses technological measures in its software to prevent them from being stolen. The aforementioned web pages provide pirated license keys for ESET’s software and must be removed in their entirety.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**

No.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

This is to confirm I have have read your Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice at https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

ESET North America   
[private]  
[private]   
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[private]
