My name is [private] and I'm writing this on behalf of and with authorisation from Parity Technologies Ltd.  
  
It came to our attention that a company using the name SUSY Technologies rehosts a lot of our code in its Github organisation, https://github.com/susytech   
SUSY Technologies stripped Parity Technologies' copyrights and authorship from our code, publicly available under GPL-3.0 in our organisation, https://github.com/paritytech   
Very few changes (if any) have been made to the said repositories, and we believe that such behavior is a clear violation of our GPL-3.0 license, sections 5a and 7b in particular.  
  
The particular repositories violating the GPL license under which Parity Technologies makes its code available are:  
  
[private]  
https://github.com/susytech/susy-common (of https://github.com/paritytech/parity-common)   
[private]   
[private]   
https://github.com/susytech/susy-sophon (of https://github.com/paritytech/parity-ethereum)   
[private]     
https://github.com/susytech/susy-daemonize (of https://github.com/paritytech/parity-daemonize/)   
Please note that (unlike SUSY Technologies) repositories belonging to Parity Technologies are under active development, which might explain why the copies are no longer letter-to-letter identical.   
The similarities in the repositories listed above should be evident to anyone competent in programming in any language, but Parity Technologies will be able to provide the exact commits for every of those repositories, showing that the contents are identical, if necessary.  
  
Parity Technologies requests all the repositories listed above in the susytech Github organisation be taken down.   
We are not aware of any forks of those repositories at the moment of writing, but if Github were to become aware of any forks of those repositories occuring while our takedown notice is being processed, we ask Github to take those down as well.  
  
Parity Technologies would be satisfied if information about Parity's copyright and contributors names will be returned in the aformentioned repositories (in code and commit history), together with an explicit note in the README stating that the code in SUSY Technologies repositories is a derivative work, as required by GNU GPL-3.0.  
  
Parity Technologies got in contact with SUSY Technologies on May 14 2019 using the email address [private] (as mentioned in the comitter info in susytech repositories) offering the solution above; Parity Technologies got a reply to that email on May 15 2019, which admitted the violation and promised to resolve the issue shortly.   
Almost a month and several rounds of emails later, all the copyright violations remain in place, while SUSY Technologies continues to clone and rename Parity Technologies' repositories, this time only picking ones licensed under MIT and Apache-2 licenses.   
We no longer believe that SUSY Technologies is acting in good faith, and request DMCA takedown of the repositories mentioned above.  
  
Parity Technologies doesn't posess any contact information for SUSY Technologies, other than the [private] email address used for the communications mentioned above.  
  
As requested, the legal formula:   
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.   
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  
  
I have read Github DMCA Takedown Guide, and wrote this notice in my best effort to follow that guide.  
  
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  
  
[private]    
  
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  
  
[private]
