**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**   
yes   
**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**   
Landray Knowledge Platform Software (abbreviation: LKS-EKP)V12.0, Certificate of Ownership Number 2015SR017196, Acquisition time: 2015-1-29。You can check the copyright information through this website （http://apply.ccopyright.com.cn/cpcc/column_list_bqdj.jsp）   
**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**   
1：https://github.com/oxpy/EKPV12   
2：https://github.com/amtech/EKPV12   
3：https://github.com/matng/EKPV12   
4：https://github.com/shang159/EKPV12   
5：https://github.com/srsman/EKPV12t   
**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**   
None found at this point.   
**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**   
The projects are not licensed under any license. Which contained too much sensitive information,such as secret key,database address,very important api key and so on.If these information are found by other people in Github,our company will be left out of pocket.   
**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**   
No, we want removal of the files.I would like to request that the repository be deleted as I do not intend for these projects to be shared. Since the reupload repositories and the contains our company's important source code,algorithm and system configuration,,so we hope Giuhub as soon as possible to help us completely remove the reupload repositories and thank you very much。   
**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**   
No, we dont have. Please provide us so that we can process the legal notice.   
**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**   
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.   
**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**   
"I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed   
**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**   
Confirmed   
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**   
my telephone number is [private]  
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**   
[private]  
