**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**   
Yes, I am authorized agent representing Alipay.com Co., Ltd ("Alipay").  
  
**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**   
Alipay created the proprietary software to handle message communication with international agencies and support transaction service requests. The infringing material is a part of the proprietary software and contains the privilege information of Alipay, such as accounts and passwords. We found that it was illegally disclosed on GitHub’s page [private] by third-party on June, 2018. It has been deleted due to our complaint on June 11, 2018. The infringing material referred to in this notice is another copy of original GitHub’s page.  
  
**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**   
https://github.com/P79N6A/tools/blob/master/src/autossh/autossh  
  
**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**   
No forks have been identified.  
  
**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**   
The work is proprietary and copyrighted. The infringer has not been authorized to redistribute it.  
  
**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**   
Removal is the only acceptable remedy.  
  
**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**   
We do not.  
  
**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**   
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.  
  
**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**   
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  
  
**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**   
I have read and acknowledged the Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice.  
  
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**   
Company: Alipay.com Co., Ltd   
Attn: [private]   
Address: 17th Floor, One ICC, Shanghai ICC 999 Huai Hai Road (M),   
Shanghai 200031, P.R. China   
Email: [private]  
  
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**   
[private]  
