**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**   
Yes,I am. 

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**   
The original copyrighted work URL: https://github.com/macrozheng/mall. 
The infringing repository is modified on the basis of the original repository.The infringement repository has 95% similarity with the original repository.The original repository has Apache License.The infringing repository modified the code without notice from the original repository.And promotion under the name of the original repository in a variety of channels.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**   
The entire repository,the repository’s URLs:https://github.com/shenzhuan/mallplus and https://github.com/shenzhuan/mall-dubbo and https://github.com/shenzhuan/mallcloud-platform .

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**   
I has used copycat to compare the original repository with theses repositories,found 95% similarity.The copycat url is [private] .Please compare [private] with [private]w . You will find 95% similarity. 
Note:[private] is a copy of https://github.com/macrozheng/mall , [private] is a copy of https://github.com/shenzhuan/mallcloud-platform .

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**   

Yes.Apache License Version 2.0.My License URL:https://github.com/macrozheng/mall/blob/master/LICENSE . The allegedly infringing files are not being used under the open source license.

My License contains the following contents:

(a) You must give any other recipients of the Work or Derivative Works a copy of this License;

(b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices stating that You changed the files;

(c) You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Worksthat You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and attribution notices from the Source form of the Work,

excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of the Derivative Works.

The infringing repositories violations are as follows:

1. The infringing repository do not give any other recipients of the Work or Derivative Works a copy of this License;

2. The infringing repository modified files without notices stating that he changed the files;

3. The infringing repository promotion under the name of the original repository in a variety of channels.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**  

The infringing infringement can make the following changes to bring the project into compliance with the terms of my license:

1. The alleged infringement must give any other recipients of the Work or Derivative Works a copy of this License;

2. The alleged infringement must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices stating that You changed the files;

3. The alleged infringement must stop promotion under the name of the original repository in a variety of channels.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**   
No,I do not have.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**   
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**   
Yes,I have.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**   
My phone is [private]. If possible,please call me in Chinese,my English is not good. 

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**   
[private]
