Dear Madam/Sir,  
  
We act on behalf of our Clients, Star India Pvt. Ltd. and Novi Digital Entertainment Private Limited having their registered office at [private]. We are under instructions to address you as under:  
  
Our Client, Star India Pvt. Ltd. is amongst India's most diverse media companies. It owns and operates various entertainment channels, including the popular channels Star Plus, Star Jalsha, Channel V, Life OK, etc. (hereinafter "STAR Channels"), which are statutorily licensed by the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting. Consequently, the exclusive right to broadcast, re-broadcast, transmit and communicate to the public the STAR Channels and the content broadcast therein vests in Our Client.  
  
We have found source code to circumvent Hotstar premium content which is being shared openly on your website. Below is the URL for your reference:  
  
https://github.com/prabaprakash/Hotstar-Downloader/  
  
Kindly note that hotstar.com is a streaming OTT platform and don’t allow users to download the content from platform. We have in placed DRM technology to restrict users to downloading of the content. The nature of the websites itself is streaming only and offline downloading is allowed only in hotstar’s mobile application.  
  
 Also, DRM protection is in-placed so that no one can download/access the content without authorization from the copyright holder. The availability of copyright work on the platform is solely for personal streaming/consumption. However, the repository in question is allowing users to download the content which can be later shared/uploaded/monetized, thus infringing rights of our client and causing monetary damages.  
  
The repositories posted on GitHub are circumventing the technology measures in placed by our client on their platform hotstar.com and allowing users to download the content, which is leading to piracy of our content on the Internet. Our client's portal allows users to watch the content online.  
  
We have good faith & belief that the use of the described material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.The information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.We hereby declare that the information in the notification is accurate to the best of our knowledge & belief.  
  
AUTHORIZATION LETTER OF THE COPYRIGHT OWNER (OR PERSON/COMPANY REPRESENTING)  
  
[private]  

A DOCUMENT PROVING THAT THE MATHERIALS ARE COPYRIGHTED AND BELONG TO OWNER (OR PERSON/COMPANY REPRESENTING)  
  
http://www.hotstar.com/  
  
DIGITAL SIGNATURE FOR COPYRIGHT CLAIM  
  
[private]    
  
MarkScan  
  
Email: [private]   
[private]  
Ph: [private], Website: www.markscan.co.in.  
