**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**  

"My name is [private] and I am an authorized representative for our client, State Grid Hubei Electric Power Company"

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  

 

"The original source code of the webpage to which our client own the exclusive copyrights can’t be accessed publicly (we are also not allowed with it), as it is their corporate internal data.   
In this infringing repository, you can even spot the copyright claim to be our client - "Copyright@2008 荆州供电公司纪委版权所有 All Rights Reserved"  
It also exposed our client's internal IP, folder structures in the repository code. Below are some examples:  
"
[private]  

The fact that the uploader included the copyright stamp “Copyright@2008荆州供电公司纪委版权所有 All Rights Reserved” already entails an infringement with our client’s property (note: the Chinese characters translate to our client’s name.)”  

 

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**  

"https://github.com/bethewind/news/blob/master/Default.aspx"

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  

"No Fork currently present"

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  

"Copyrighted by State Grid Hubei Electric Power Company --> Copyright@2008 荆州供电公司纪委版权所有 All Rights Reserved"

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**  

"The source code is sensitive and so we are aiming for the entire repository's removal."

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**  

"The person who developed the page a few years ago has left the organization, and we could not get a hold of the individual through other means "

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  

"I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  

"I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  

"I have read and understood the Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice found at https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/"

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  

"[private]  
[private]  
Level 30, The Leadenhall Building  
122 Leadenhall Street, EC3V 4AB  
City of London, UNITED KINGDOM"  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  

"[private]"
