GitHub Team:

I am [private] from Wuhan Jinjie Electronics and Information Co., Ltd, there are some repositories of our commercial data collected from our website upload by someone on your site.

The content consists of about 5 000 000 enterprise registration records.Jinjie holds the copyright to all of the content and they must be taken down.

I contacted you a few days ago. At that time, some links with forked repositories were deleted, thank you for your efficient handling. But that was not enough. There are more forked repositories, the following is a representative number of forked repositories：

https://github.com/CrackerCat/Enterprise-Registration-Data-of-Chinese-Mainland   
https://github.com/hahaho/Enterprise-Registration-Data-of-Chinese-Mainland

The original parent repository I have not found, because there are too many links, I am not familiar with the use of your platform, I can not tell which is the parent repository

Based on a representative number of forks I have reviewed, I believe that all or most of the forks are infringing to the same extent as the parent repositories.

I think these forked repositories also need to be deleted, but there are too many links, I can't list them all. There are now more and more forked repositories, which have a big impact on us. Please delete them as soon as possible.

These links consist Jinjie information and needs to be removed in its entirety - note again, Jinjie holds the copyright to all of the content so they must be taken down. We do not have the infringer's contact information.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

I confirm that have I have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/. Please feel free to contact me if you need additional information. Thank you for your understanding!

Contact information:

Company Name: Wuhan Jinjie Electronics and Information Co., Ltd

- My e-mail Address: [private]

- Cellphone: [private]

- Company Address: China Wuhan

[private]
