**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**   
Yes, I am authorised to write this letter on behalf of Monash University.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**   
Assignment sheets in mathematics created by Monash University staff, copyright owned by Monash University. Content provided to students to use for their research and study.   
Content found at https://github.com/kochie/MTH3320

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**  

https://github.com/kochie/MTH3320/blob/master/Assignments/Assignment01/Assignment_Sheet_01.pdf   
https://github.com/kochie/MTH3320/blob/master/Assignments/Assignment02/Assignment_Sheet_02.pdf   
https://github.com/kochie/MTH3320/blob/master/Assignments/Assignment03/Assignment_Sheet_03.pdf   
https://github.com/kochie/MTH3320/blob/master/Assignments/Assignment04/Assignment_Sheet_04.pdf   
https://github.com/kochie/MTH3320/blob/master/Assignments/Assignment05/Assignment_Sheet_05.pdf  

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**   
No

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**   
No, the work is Copyright Monash University

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**   
We request immediate takedown.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**  
The Github account's name is kochie, their URL of their account is https://github.com/kochie and they are listed as "[private]"

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**   
"I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**   
"I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**   
I have read this guide.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**  

Copyright Adviser   
Monash University   
15 Ancora Imparo Way   
Monash University, Wellington Rd, Clayton 3800   
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**   
[private]  
