Hello dear Github

We are [private]. I am very happy to provide such professional and efficient services to Github users.

Platform, now we need to be very eager to get support from Github Resoltion

We have read and understood Github to fill out the DMCA Notice Guide

Our company created a repository called "GEBA" on July 1, 2017, which contains the creator.

The content is owned by the company. Later discovered that after we deleted,

The user named un-knower / GEBA completely forked our entire repository, it still exists, and currently I am not the owner of the project, but it shows that I submitted it, he did not disclose his mailbox.

This behavior involves infringement.

The following are the projects that are being forked

https://github.com/un-knower/GEBA

The company's important source code, algorithms and system configuration information belong to the company's

Internal data assets, so we hope that Github will help us remove https://github.com/un-knower/GEBA as soon as possible

thank you very much!



My email address: [private]  

Mobile: [private]  



• The following is my sworn statement:

•"I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."

•"I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."



• My physical or electronic signature.

[private]  


Finally, please don't disclose my personal information because it involves my personal privacy.

I look forward to your reply, thank you again.
