Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?   
Yes, I am the copyright owner.

Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.   
Here are two slides on the details of the security service and a PDF containing some customer information. This document belongs to NSFOCUS and is only shared within the company. We have never publicly released it, and it is speculated that there are employees who have leaked the document in violation of regulations, and we are conducting an internal investigation.

What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:   
https://github.com/ikv163/Protection-network-information/

Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.   
The original GitHub project has been removed after we contacted the author. The projects we are asking to takedown is three projects that are forked.

Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?   
No, publishing and forking are not allowed.

What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?   
Due to some confidentiality, we apply to remove it and no one is allowed to modify or disclose it.

Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:   
We are conducting an internal investigation, but there is currently no clue.

Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."   
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."   
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/   
I have read the guide to submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice.

So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:   
[private]

Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:   
[private]
