To Whom it May Concern:  
My name is [private], and I am [private] for Akamai Technologies, Inc. (“Akamai”). I have read and understand GitHub’s Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice, and I am submitting this letter to request the removal of certain content (further described below) that infringes one or more of Akamai’s copyrights. Specifically, Akamai noticed that its product literature (a PDF document entitled “BMP SDK.pdf”) has been posted to Github in connection at the following link:  
https://github.com/sonya75/NikeAccountGenerator/issues/59#issuecomment-496755182  
For the sake of clarity, this PDF file entitled “BMP SDK.pdf”, which can be found at the comment with
the corresponding URL  
https://github.com/sonya75/NikeAccountGenerator/issues/59#issuecomment- 496805877,is Akamai’s proprietary product documentation, and users are not permitted to reproduce this content without Akamai’s express permission. Thus, the referenced product documentation should be deleted. I have a good faith belief that the use of the copyrighted material described above is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration. I swear under penalty of perjury that, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. To the extent that you have questions regarding, or otherwise would like to discuss, this takedown request, please do not hesitate to contact me at [private], or by phone at [private].  
Best regards, /[private]/  
[private]  
Akamai Technologies, Inc.
