**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**   
I am the owner of the private project

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**   
[private] is our main private repository of our project.   
The project is being privately developed by our team in their free time.   
The following public repository https://github.com/BFASource/BFACore has published lot of identical copy paste content from our private repository from commiter [private] who is not affiliated with us.   
From the commits we exactly know who shared our code (link to copier’s profile on [private])   
The sharing personal worked in our team lately, but got removed because of other data sharing cases.   
Notice, all of the commit messages clearly state the copier and the source repository name.   
Most of the infringed code is made by our team member (gitlab profile: [private]), our porject’s commit log have clear view on that.   
Tried talking with them, all replied with „we dont care”.   
We hope we can get to a friendly arrangement with them.

**Most important infringements:**

#1   
their copied code   
https://github.com/BFASource/BFACore/blob/b9d276e2fdbd352dccb3ad37d9e7ad2bfa5f65fb/src/server/scripts/Kalimdor/zone_silithus.cpp#L1428   
Lines 1428 – 1573 is an exact copy of our original code   
[private]     
their commit https://github.com/BFASource/BFACore/commit/b9d276e2fdbd352dccb3ad37d9e7ad2bfa5f65fb

#2   
their copied code’s commit   
https://github.com/BFASource/BFACore/commit/718e944afdf68da51a4738bfcf671639aa68c376   
our original code   
[private]     
the whole content of the file is copied

#3   
their copied code’s commit   
https://github.com/BFASource/BFACore/commit/e32d0ed2123d7fc8bd270dc9da55823d94b845bb#diff-9ee0056e89226a96886f76d5f2a57be4   
our original files   
[private]  
all affected files are full copies of the original

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:**   
The mentioned code and files above

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.   
Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**   
The code is closed in a private repository, not ready for publication yet.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**   
Urgent removal of code and removing git history of it to minimize open source spreading

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:**    
GitLab: [private]  
The commiters GitLab profile: [private]   
Project’s Discord: [private]  
Porject's GitHub: https://github.com/BFASource/BFACore

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**   
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**   
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**   
I confirm I have read Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**   
[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**   
[private]
