While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf? If you are submitting this notice on behalf of a company, please be sure to use an email address on the company's domain. If you use a personal email address for a notice submitted on behalf of a company, we may not be able to process it.**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am an employee of WHMCS Limited (WHMCS).

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed.**

WHMCS is the owner of the hosting automation software known as “WHMCS”. Further, WHMCS owns the exclusive copyright in the look and feel of the WHMCS product, including code, design, layout, colors and graphics (WHMCS Product).  
On or about September 19, 2024 , WHMCS determined that GitHub users are distributing unauthorized copies of the WHMCS Product, infringing WHMCS’s copyrights.

**If the original work referenced above is available online, please provide a URL.**

**We ask that a DMCA takedown notice list every specific file in the repository that is infringing, unless the entire contents of the repository are infringing on your copyright. Please clearly state that the entire repository is infringing, OR provide the specific files within the repository you would like removed.**

**Based on the above, I confirm that:**

Specific files within the repository are infringing

**Identify only the specific file URLs within the repository that is infringing:**

- https://github.com/puarudz/WHMCS-7.8.0-decoded  
- https://github.com/puarudz/whmcs-7.10.2-decode-nulled  
- https://github.com/webdevprojects-zw/WHMCS-7.4.1-decoded-1

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

Code is obfuscated prior to distribution via Ioncube encoding. Access to the copyrighted material is restricted via a licensing system hosted by whmcs.com which authorizes use of the copyrighted material at certain locations.

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

Reverse-engineers and distributes a modified version of the obfuscated code which controls access to the copyrighted material to bypass the connection to the licensing system hosted by whmcs.com

**If you are reporting an allegedly infringing fork, please note that each fork is a distinct repository and <i>must be identified separately</i>. Please read more about <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">forks.</a> As forks may often contain different material than in the parent repository, if you believe any of the repositories or files in the forks are infringing, please list each fork URL below:**

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

WHMCS Limited C/O [private]

**Please type your full name for your signature.**

[private]
