Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

Hello Team,  
I am writing on behalf of Union Bank of Nigeria Plc (“Union Bank”). We own the copyright in certain internal documents and presentations related to our Union360 platform.  
The following GitHub repository hosts copies of these materials without authorization:  
https://github.com/b-manoj-reddy/Union360/blob/master/Documents/  
The repository contains PowerPoint slides and internal workflow diagrams that were created by Union Bank staff in the course of employment. These materials are confidential intellectual property and are not licensed for public distribution. Their publication exposes our proprietary business processes and presents operational and security risks.  
Action requested: Please remove the infringing files and any forks or mirrors of the repository.  
Good-faith statement: I have a good-faith belief that the use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing webpages is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.  
Perjury statement: I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  
I have considered fair use before submitting this request.  
I have read and understand GitHub’s Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice.  

Best Regards,


 

[private]

[private]

[private]

[private] | Threat Intelligence

Email | [private]

Phone Number | [private]

Address | [private]

www.cyberlabafrica.com | Intelligence & Research
