Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf? If you are submitting this notice on behalf of a company, please be sure to use an email address on the company's domain. If you use a personal email address for a notice submitted on behalf of a company, we may not be able to process it.**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

I am the [private] and [private] of the software being distributed in this repository.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed.**

This repository is distributing paid and licensed software free of charge. This user does not have a license to re-distribute this software and is doing it maliciously.

The files included in this repository are sold with a license that do not allow redistribution. The terms of service are indicated here:  
[private]

Please make note of "Karuza" being indicated in the "Info" at the top of each file.

Software included:
https://github.com/13dasd123/rust-school-discord-indexing/blob/main/downloads/topics/%D0%A1%D0%B1%D0%BE%D1%80%D0%BA%D0%B0_CromulentRust/Archive/extracted_58dcd87c0aa36b08/%E2%95%A8%E2%95%91%E2%95%A4%C3%87%E2%95%A8%E2%95%9B%E2%95%A8%E2%95%9D/%E2%95%A4%C3%BC%E2%95%A8%E2%96%92%E2%95%A8%E2%95%9B%E2%95%A4%C3%87%E2%95%A8%E2%95%91%E2%95%A8%E2%96%91/oxide/plugins/MinicopterCombat.cs  
https://github.com/13dasd123/rust-school-discord-indexing/blob/main/downloads/topics/%D0%A1%D0%B1%D0%BE%D1%80%D0%BA%D0%B0_CromulentRust/Archive/extracted_58dcd87c0aa36b08/%E2%95%A8%E2%95%91%E2%95%A4%C3%87%E2%95%A8%E2%95%9B%E2%95%A8%E2%95%9D/%E2%95%A4%C3%BC%E2%95%A8%E2%96%92%E2%95%A8%E2%95%9B%E2%95%A4%C3%87%E2%95%A8%E2%95%91%E2%95%A8%E2%96%91/oxide/plugins/BulletProjectile.cs

**If the original work referenced above is available online, please provide a URL.**

The original work was sold on [private], [private]

I have removed all my products from this platform years ago and now use [private] [private] platform, [private]

**We ask that a DMCA takedown notice list every specific file in the repository that is infringing, unless the entire contents of the repository are infringing on your copyright. Please clearly state that the entire repository is infringing, OR provide the specific files within the repository you would like removed.**

**Based on the above, I confirm that:**

Specific files within the repository are infringing

**Identify only the specific file URLs within the repository that is infringing:**

https://github.com/13dasd123/rust-school-discord-indexing/blob/main/downloads/topics/%D0%A1%D0%B1%D0%BE%D1%80%D0%BA%D0%B0_CromulentRust/Archive/extracted_58dcd87c0aa36b08/%E2%95%A8%E2%95%91%E2%95%A4%C3%87%E2%95%A8%E2%95%9B%E2%95%A8%E2%95%9D/%E2%95%A4%C3%BC%E2%95%A8%E2%96%92%E2%95%A8%E2%95%9B%E2%95%A4%C3%87%E2%95%A8%E2%95%91%E2%95%A8%E2%96%91/oxide/plugins/MinicopterCombat.cs  
https://github.com/13dasd123/rust-school-discord-indexing/blob/main/downloads/topics/%D0%A1%D0%B1%D0%BE%D1%80%D0%BA%D0%B0_CromulentRust/Archive/extracted_58dcd87c0aa36b08/%E2%95%A8%E2%95%91%E2%95%A4%C3%87%E2%95%A8%E2%95%9B%E2%95%A8%E2%95%9D/%E2%95%A4%C3%BC%E2%95%A8%E2%96%92%E2%95%A8%E2%95%9B%E2%95%A4%C3%87%E2%95%A8%E2%95%91%E2%95%A8%E2%96%91/oxide/plugins/BulletProjectile.cs

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**If you are reporting an allegedly infringing fork, please note that each fork is a distinct repository and <i>must be identified separately</i>. Please read more about <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">forks.</a> As forks may often contain different material than in the parent repository, if you believe any of the repositories or files in the forks are infringing, please list each fork URL below:**

**Based on the representative number of forks I have reviewed, I believe that all or most of the forks are infringing to the same extent as the parent repository.**

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full name for your signature.**

[private]
