Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

Dear Github team,

 

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

 

We are [private] for Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. parent company of Rockstar Games. We are writing to submit a takedown request regarding a source code hosted on GitHub that infringes on our copyrights. The infringer has taken our licensed FiveM source code, replaced the license file, changed it’s name and claims it as their own. The page simultaneously infringes on our R* logo by using a yellow background with the star.

 

You can compare our license file with his:  
https://github.com/citizenfx/fivem/blob/master/code/LICENSE <- Original  
https://github.com/Sfx-re/vidllux/blob/master/code/LICENSE <- Infringer

 

Our copyrighted work is FiveM, which is a proprietary modification for Grand Theft Auto V, including it’s source code.

 

The infringing material can be found here: https://github.com/Sfx-re/vidllux.

 

This content must be completely disabled, there are no remedies to rectify this clear case of infringement.

 

[private]/Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc.  
[private]  
[private]  

[private]  
[private]  
 

Infringers contact information: [private]  

 

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration. I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

 

ELECTRONIC SIGNATURE BELOW:

 
[private] | [private]

[private]  

Take-Two Interactive, Software Inc.

[private]  

Phone: [private] Email: [private]
