While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf? If you are submitting this notice on behalf of a company, please be sure to use an email address on the company's domain. If you use a personal email address for a notice submitted on behalf of a company, we may not be able to process it.**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am a [private] working in the [private] of Siemens Industry Software Inc. (Siemens), specifically, within the Cloud and Intellectual Property group. One of my primary job functions involves [private].  
Please note the original copyright owner is Mentor Graphics Corporation, which was acquired by Siemens in 2017. Some of the copyright notice language within the allegedly infringing content posted on GitHub refers to Mentor Graphics Corporation. There was a period of overlap after the acquisition, during which the intellectual property was transferred to the Siemens, before all notice information was updated.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed.**

The alleged infringed copyrighted work is for source code for Siemens' product line called Calibre, including its proprietary programming languages, Calibre SVRF and TRF. Other Calibre product code is also found in the user's public directory: Calibre PERC and Calibre DRC.

**If the original work referenced above is available online, please provide a URL.**

All Calibre source code and user documentation is confidential and trade secret. It is only made available to licensed customers, as defined by having authorized access to SISW’s password protected support site at: https://support.sw.siemens.com/.

**We ask that a DMCA takedown notice list every specific file in the repository that is infringing, unless the entire contents of the repository are infringing on your copyright. Please clearly state that the entire repository is infringing, OR provide the specific files within the repository you would like removed.**

**Based on the above, I confirm that:**

The entire repository is infringing

**Identify the full repository URL that is infringing:**

https://github.com/hanumantharao98/calibre-labs

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

Siemens software is only made available to licensed customers pursuant to specific licensing terms (see https://www.sw.siemens.com/en-US/sw-terms/ for more details). No copyrighted material is made public online, or in another format. Siemens' cybersecurity and security team conducts routine audits, as well as trainings for all employees to be aware of security threats. We employ several security tools, including, but not limited to:  
SaaS Security Guardrails, which are a collection of DI SW Siemens specific security requirements designed to align with current ISO 27001 standards and security controls along with alignment to the NIST Cybersecurity Framework;  
Enterprise Detection Blueprint (EDB), which is a comprehensive guide for detecting cybersecurity threats and security incidents within Siemens;
Various Incident Response Plans with designated experts;  
The Cloud Security Console (CSC), which is a collection of dashboards that provide insight into the security posture of Siemens cloud accounts that support SaaS offerings;
and more.

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

This user appears to have uploaded lines of code to GitHub directory directly from one or several Calibre programs. We do not know how the user obtained the code, whether it was under a license; however, Siemens' license terms do not permit the publication of Calibre source code to a public repository under any circumstances.

**If you are reporting an allegedly infringing fork, please note that each fork is a distinct repository and <i>must be identified separately</i>. Please read more about <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">forks.</a> As forks may often contain different material than in the parent repository, if you believe any of the repositories or files in the forks are infringing, please list each fork URL below:**

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

GitHub username: hanumantharao98

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full name for your signature.**

[private]
