While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

Yes

**Please provide the Zendesk ticket number of your previously submitted notice. Zendesk ticket numbers are 7 digit ID numbers located in the subject line or body of your confirmation email.**

2652060

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Ocwen IT was doing a review of the current setup and noticed that an [private] has posted few source code which are proprietary in nature as public . He is no longer part of the organization hence his account could not be deleted nor the files he put in public domain are deleted.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

All of the public directories created by [private] have information specific to Ocwen (example : Client Repository has references to database schema and scripts, another example would be under Test3 it has references to [private] quarterly patch upgrades, similarly some reference to [private] application which is again a preoperatory application)

These are not posted anywhere online. These are repositories which are having Ocwen owned code.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://github.com/krishniarovin/FCCMS  
https://github.com/krishniarovin/Client_Repository  
https://github.com/krishniarovin/Test4  
https://github.com/krishniarovin/Test3  
https://github.com/krishniarovin/Test2  
https://github.com/krishniarovin/Test1

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

We are using IP Allowed list, SSO integration and MFA enabled.  
Please let me know if any additional measure can be taken to strengthen our security posture.

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

He used his Ocwen's profile to connect public GitHub and created a public repository. Then he added those codes from his local machine to public repo.

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

Currently there is no forked done for that repository. Everything residing in main branch.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

No

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
