**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

Novi Digital Entertainment Pvt. Ltd.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Dear Sir/Madam,

We, MarkScan, act on behalf of our Clients, Star India Pvt. Ltd. and Novi Digital Entertainment Private Limited having their registered office at [private]. We are under instructions to address you as under:

Our Client, Star India Pvt. Ltd. is amongst India's most diverse media companies. It owns and operates various entertainment channels, including the popular channels Star Plus, Star Jalsha, Channel V, Life OK, etc. (hereinafter "STAR Channels"), which are statutorily licensed by the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting. Consequently, the exclusive right to broadcast, re-broadcast, transmit and communicate to the public the STAR Channels and the content broadcast therein vests in Our Client.

It is also brought to your notice that Our Client, Novi Digital has exclusive rights to broadcast, telecast and/or communicate to the public, content aired on STAR Channels on the digital platform, "Hotstar". No other entity can, without authorization from Our Clients, upload, stream, make available for download, broadcast and/or communicate to the public, content that is aired on the STAR Channels, in any manner whatsoever, (live, delayed, repeat etc.) through any transmission platform including the internet for viewing on various devices such as computers, laptops, mobile phones, tablet computers, etc.

Star India Pvt. Ltd. is the exclusive owner of the “Star Channels”. In addition to the above, Star India Pvt. Ltd. is the exclusive owner of several trademarks connected with “Star’s Channels”.

We have come across that the pirate Application "RTS TV" is providing the copyright content of hotstar illegally.

Based on our investigation, we have found that "RTS TV" is using "rtssvt1.xyz" to provide the UI (script/homepage) of their application which is further indulged in the act of copyright piracy by providing unauthorized streams of digital content without consent of the copyright owner. Please refer below the evidence for your reference. Please act expeditiously to remove or disable access to the infringing material as listed below.

Package Name: com.looser.unknown

We have good faith & belief that the use of the described material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.The information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.We hereby declare that the information in the notification is accurate to the best of our knowledge & belief.

AUTHORIZATION LETTER OF THE COPYRIGHT OWNER (OR PERSON/COMPANY REPRESENTING)  
[private]

A DOCUMENT PROVING THAT THE MATERIALS ARE COPYRIGHTED AND BELONG TO OWNER (OR PERSON/COMPANY REPRESENTING)  
https://www.hotstar.com/

DIGITAL SIGNATURE FOR COPYRIGHT CLAIM  
[private]  
MarkScan  
Email: [private]  
[private]  
Ph: [private], Website: www.markscan.co.in.

COPYRIGHT OWNERS:  
Novi Digital Entertainment Pvt. Ltd. [private]. Ph No. [private] Fax No. [private]

Regards,  
MarkScan [private]

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL.**

https://rtssvt1.xyz/

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

https://rtssvt1.xyz/

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]  
Ph: [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]  
