Sub: Unauthorised Broadcasts of Audio-visual Footage from the Pro
Kabaddi League Season 10

I am an agent authorised to act on behalf of the owner of intellectual
property rights. The intellectual property rights include the
copyright in and the rights to broadcast the Pro Kabaddi League Season
10 ("Event") organised under the auspices of Mashal Sports Private
Limited (“Mashal Sports”). These rights include, without limitation,
TV Live Broadcast Rights and TV Highlights Rights, Mobile Rights and
Internet Rights for Live, Deferred, Delayed broadcasts and Highlights
for the Event on television and on the Internet (“Exclusive Rights”).
These Exclusive Rights originate with Mashal Sports, and Mashal Sports
and its authorised licensees are entitled to enforce these rights. For
your information, these Exclusive Rights have been granted to STAR
India Private Limited (“STAR”) in the territory of India
(“Territory”).

Proprietary audio-visual footage and production content relating to
the Event ("Copyrighted Content") will be transmitted with license and
authorisation on various platforms from India by the STAR in the
Territory.

The Copyrighted Content has been identified and is accessible, as of
the date of this notice, at the following URLs:

https://spprtcricket.github.io/Live/sshindi  
https://spprtcricket.github.io/Live/star2

The Copyrighted Content is hosted, without licence, on the following
IP address: [private]

Please immediately disable access to the streams and URLs listed above
and suspend them from your servers to prevent continued violation of
the Exclusive Rights referred to above.

Please also take appropriate action against the account holder for
repeat infringements under your Abuse Policy/Terms of Service
Agreement.

I have a good faith belief that the use of the Copyrighted Content as
described above is not authorised by the copyright owner, its agent,
or the law.

I understand that this notice may lead to the termination of the user
account and URLs associated with the infringements detailed above.

Your immediate acknowledgement and action is solicited with respect to
this notice.

I may be contacted via e-mail at [private],
via fax on [private], or at STAR Rights, [private], [private] in relation to
this notice.

I swear, under the penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notice is accurate and that I am authorised to act on behalf of the
owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

STAR reserves all its rights in this matter.

// [private] //

[private], [private]  
Designation:[private]  
Authorised agent for: STAR India Private Limited
