Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf? If you are submitting this notice on behalf of a company, please be sure to use an email address on the company's domain. If you use a personal email address for a notice submitted on behalf of a company, we may not be able to process it.**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am the [private] [private] and primary copyright holder of the A12_Bypass_OSS project, which is published under [private] GitHub account “rhcp011235.” I own the rights in the source code that has been copied into the “R1nderpest” repository, which GitHub itself identifies as forked from [private] project.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed.**

The original work is an open-source project called “A12_Bypass_OSS,” which is a fully open-source iOS A12+ iCloud activation bypass/activation tool. It consists of Python client code, PHP server code, SQLite database files, and related scripts that implement the A12+ activation workflow. The project is distributed under the MIT License with [private] copyright notice.

**If the original work referenced above is available online, please provide a URL.**

https://github.com/rhcp011235/A12_Bypass_OSS  
https://github.com/rhcp011235/A12_Bypass_OSS/blob/main/LICENSE

**We ask that a DMCA takedown notice list every specific file in the repository that is infringing, unless the entire contents of the repository are infringing on your copyright. Please clearly state that the entire repository is infringing, OR provide the specific files within the repository you would like removed.**

**Based on the above, I confirm that:**

The entire repository is infringing

**Identify the full repository URL that is infringing:**

https://github.com/gliddd4/R1nderpest  
[private]  
https://github.com/strawhatdev01/A12Bypass

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**If you are reporting an allegedly infringing fork, please note that each fork is a distinct repository and <i>must be identified separately</i>. Please read more about <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">forks.</a> As forks may often contain different material than in the parent repository, if you believe any of the repositories or files in the forks are infringing, please list each fork URL below:**

[private]  
https://github.com/strawhatdev01/A12Bypass

**Based on the representative number of forks I have reviewed, I believe that all or most of the forks are infringing to the same extent as the parent repository.**

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

Yes

**Which license?**

mit-license

**How do you believe the license is being violated?**

The repository “R1nderpest” at https://github.com/gliddd4/R1nderpest is a fork/derivative of [private] project and reuses substantial portions of [private] code, but [private] original MIT license file and copyright notice have been removed and replaced with a GPL-3.0-only license.

The MIT License requires that [private] copyright notice and the MIT license text be included in all copies or substantial portions of the software. By:  
1. removing the MIT LICENSE file, and  
2. distributing [private] code solely under a GPL-3.0 license without including the original MIT license text and [private] copyright notice,  
the project is violating the terms under which [private] released [private] code.

While the README mentions “rhcp” in the credits, that does not satisfy the MIT License’s requirement to include the full license text and copyright notice with the copied code.

**What changes can be made to bring the project into compliance with the license? For example, adding attribution, adding a license, making the repository private.**

To bring the project into compliance with the MIT license, the maintainer would need to do one of the following:  
• Restore [private] original MIT LICENSE file in the repository, including [private] copyright notice; and  
• Clearly indicate that the portions of the code derived from A12_Bypass_OSS remain under the MIT License, with the full MIT license text included; and  
• Ensure any distributed binaries or releases that contain [private] code also include the MIT license and [private] copyright notice.

Alternatively, if they do not wish to comply with the MIT license terms, they must remove all code derived from [private] A12_Bypass_OSS project from the R1nderpest repository and its releases.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

I do not have personal contact information such as a real name, email address, or physical address. I only know the following public identifiers:  
• GitHub username: gliddd4 (https://github.com/gliddd4)  
• [private] handle listed in their README: [private]

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

[private]

**Please type your full name for your signature.**

[private]
