While GitHub did not find sufficient information to determine a valid anti-circumvention claim, we determined that this takedown notice contains other valid copyright claim(s).

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf? If you are submitting this notice on behalf of a company, please be sure to use an email address on the company's domain. If you use a personal email address for a notice submitted on behalf of a company, we may not be able to process it.**

Yes, I am the copyright holder.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**

We are the company that develops the library, which is uploaded without permission on GitHub.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed.**

Phpdocx is a document generation library. It is a paid, commercial product, a proprietary software.  
https://www.phpdocx.com/

Here are the license conditions that the repositories are violating:

https://www.phpdocx.com/license-conditions

This license gives the holder the right to install the PHPDOCX library package on ONE server.

This license also grants the holder the right to install the PHPDOCX library package in a private network, i.e., localhost or a LAN, for development and testing purposes, but NOT for production.

The license holder is allowed to modify the source code of the PHPDOCX library in order to further adapt it to his needs, but in no event will the original copyright holders of PHPDOCX be held responsible for action or actions resulting from any modifications of the source.

The license holder may not redistribute PHPDOCX in its current version or with any modification of the source code introduced by the holder.

The license holder CAN NOT redistribute PHPDOCX package as part of another product without the explicit permission of the copyright holder of PHPDOCX.

**If the original work referenced above is available online, please provide a URL.**

**We ask that a DMCA takedown notice list every specific file in the repository that is infringing, unless the entire contents of the repository are infringing on your copyright. Please clearly state that the entire repository is infringing, OR provide the specific files within the repository you would like removed.**

**Based on the above, I confirm that:**

The entire repository is infringing

**Identify the full repository URL that is infringing:**

https://github.com/deciphercredit/phpdocx   
https://github.com/LeoneLalloue/phpdocx

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

Yes

**What technological measures do you have in place and how do they effectively control access to your copyrighted material?**

phpdocx can only be downloaded after purchasing a license from the user dashboard. It's not publicly available.

**How is the accused project designed to circumvent your technological protection measures?**

They have uploaded the phpdocx code to a public repository.

**If you are reporting an allegedly infringing fork, please note that each fork is a distinct repository and <i>must be identified separately</i>. Please read more about <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">forks.</a> As forks may often contain different material than in the parent repository, if you believe any of the repositories or files in the forks are infringing, please list each fork URL below:**

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Repository can be made private

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it.**

We have no contact information for this person, which is why we filled out this form. Thanks in advance for your help.

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**

phpdocx [private] Address : [private]

**Please type your full name for your signature.**

[private]. [private]
