Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

Dear GitHub,

**<u>Introduction</u>**

I am writing on behalf of UK Biobank Limited (UK Biobank) and am authorized to act on behalf of the company in matters relating to intellectual property protection.  

UK Biobank is a large-scale biomedical database and research resource, containing in-depth genetic and health data that it has collected from half a million UK participants. As such, UK Biobank owns all intellectual property rights over all data collected. More information about UK Biobank can be found here: [https://www.ukbiobank.ac.uk/learn-more-about-uk-biobank/about-us](https://www.ukbiobank.ac.uk/learn-more-about-uk-biobank/about-us). This data is made available to bona-fide researchers who have successfully completed UK Biobank’s stringent application process to undertake health-related research.

Researchers must sign UK Biobank’s non-negotiable Material Transfer Agreement located at [private], upon which a licence is granted to allow access to the data. Researchers can access the data via an account on our cloud platform, linked to each researcher’s individual registered account, or via a secure download using a unique time-limited encrypted key. These data (which, for the avoidance of doubt, does not include summary data and/or publications produced by researchers upon completion of their project) are not, under any circumstances, available for use on a public basis. Researchers have a contractual obligation to store the data securely and to not share data with any unauthorised third parties. By committing part, or all, of these data sets to a repository on GitHub, the user in question is in breach of their contractual agreement with UK Biobank.

UK Biobank respects GitHub’s purpose and understands that sharing code creates potential for discovery in many fields. We actively encourage collaboration between researchers in the scientific research sector. However, our priority is to diligently protect the safety, security, and privacy of our participants. As a result, our data is only available in very specific circumstances and in accordance with the specific agreement set out in the licence to use the data.

Having regard for the sensitive nature of the original copyrighted work, UK Biobank does not provide the data in any format other than the secure way it is provided to approved researchers.

**<u>Location of infringing material</u>**

We have identified the following files in a repository that infringes upon our copyright:

[https://github.com/mariaratnasamy/ukb_oligo/blob/c6dab24a2f2e67f8467b5e9be5a83609d274e995/0_data_preparation_and_download/genotype/notebooks/genotype_burden.ipynb](https://github.com/mariaratnasamy/ukb_oligo/blob/c6dab24a2f2e67f8467b5e9be5a83609d274e995/0_data_preparation_and_download/genotype/notebooks/genotype_burden.ipynb)

[https://github.com/mariaratnasamy/ukb_oligo/blob/c6dab24a2f2e67f8467b5e9be5a83609d274e995/0_data_preparation_and_download/icd_codes/src/dnanexus_notebooks/ICD10.ipynb](https://github.com/mariaratnasamy/ukb_oligo/blob/c6dab24a2f2e67f8467b5e9be5a83609d274e995/0_data_preparation_and_download/icd_codes/src/dnanexus_notebooks/ICD10.ipynb)

The data contained in these files is licensed by UK Biobank to bona-fide researchers to conduct research in association with their approved purpose only and in accordance with contractual terms agreed between the parties. Such licence does not extend to the ability to post the data on a public forum. We are unable to contact the repository owner and, therefore we request that these files are removed immediately in accordance with the DMCA requirements.

**<u>Confirmations</u>**

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.

I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**<u>Contact details</u>**

Should you require any further information or clarification, please do not hesitate to contact me at [private] or using the details below:

**UK Biobank Limited**  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  

**Tel:** [private]  

We thank you for your attention in this matter.

Yours faithfully,  
[private]  
[private]  
