Before disabling any content in relation to this takedown notice, GitHub
- contacted the owners of some or all of the affected repositories to give them an opportunity to [make changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy#a-how-does-this-actually-work).
- provided information on how to [submit a DMCA Counter Notice](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice).

To learn about when and why GitHub may process some notices this way, please visit our [README](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/README.md#anatomy-of-a-takedown-notice).

---

Dear Github team,

 

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

 

We are [private] for Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. parent company of Rockstar Games. We are writing to submit a takedown request regarding a leaked source code hosted on GitHub that infringes on our copyrights. The infringer is sharing the leaked source code, on the https://github.com/multitheftauto/mtasa-blue repository.

  

Our copyrighted work is GRAND THEFT AUTO SAN ANDREAS, which is a proprietary software owned by Take-Two Interactive, including it’s source code.

 

The infringing material can be found here: https://github.com/multitheftauto/mtasa-blue

 

This content must be completely disabled, there are no remedies to rectify this clear case of infringement.

 

[private]/Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc.  
[private]  
[private]

[private]  
[private]

 

Infringers contact information: The page does not provide contact information.

 

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration. I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

 

ELECTRONIC SIGNATURE BELOW:

 

 

[private] | [private] 

[private]

Take-Two Interactive, Software Inc.

[private]

Phone: [private] Email: [private]

 
