**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**

Contact person for the matter.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

Our company develops an online website for the Higher Education Society Of China. This is their website: https://www.icve.com.cn. This is the ongoing development version: [private]   
This code repository is all the source code of the current development version, including the host address, server address, database address, and Redis address password. It is very dangerous in the public repository, I hope to delete it as soon as possible.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**

We need the following entire public GitHub repository taken down. The following repository:   https://github.com/soniczzz/sonic [private]

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

It has not been found to be forked.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

NO

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Remove repository

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**

NO

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

I have read the guide carefully.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

My e-mail is: [private] [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[private] [private]
