Hello Dear Github:   
We are Sichuan Changhong Electric Co., Ltd. We are very happy to use Github platform, and now we have some problems, need some support and help.   

We have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.   

My colleague used to create a repository called "CHUserCenter" on GitHub, and he transfer it to me last year. Now we find that the repository can only be used inside the company and cannot be made public, and then I have deleted the repository. But later found that before we deleted, the user named "snail-xx" completely forked our entire repository, and it still exists.  

The following is GitHub's URL and Screenshots about forked repository":   
https://github.com/snail-xx/CHUserCenter   
[private]  

Since "CHUserCenter" contains the company's important source code, belonging to the company's internal data assets, so we hope Github as soon as possible to help us completely remove "CHUserCenter" and thank you very much!   

The following is our contact information:   
Company Name: Sichuan Changhong Electric Co., Ltd   
My E-mail Address: [private]  
Cellphone: [private]  
Company Address: No.199 4th Tian Fu Street, Hi-tech Zone. Cheng Du, Sichuan, China   

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.   

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  

Hoping for your response and thanks again.  

[private]
