Dear Sir/Madam,

I write on behalf of the American Psychological Association (APA) to bring to your attention the unauthorized posting of final published journal articles to your website. What follows is a formal DMCA takedown request with URLs to the location of these articles.

I certify under penalty of perjury, that I am an agent authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the intellectual property rights and that the information contained in this notice is accurate.

I have a good faith belief that the page or material listed below is not authorized by law for use by the individual(s) associated with the identified page listed below or their agents and therefore infringes the copyright owner's rights.

PLEASE REMOVE OR DISABLE ACCESS TO THE INFRINGING PAGES OR MATERIALS IDENTIFIED BELOW, AS THEY INFRINGE THE COPYRIGHT WORKS IDENTIFIED BELOW.

This notice is sent pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA), the European Union's Directive on the Harmonisation of Certain Aspects of Copyright and Related Rights in the Information Society (2001/29/EC), and/or other laws and regulations relevant in European Union member states or other jurisdictions.

My contact information is as follows:

Organization name: Attributor Corporation as agent for the rights holders listed below   
Email: [private]  
Phone: [private]  
Mailing address: 
[private]  
[private]  
[private]  

My electronic signature follows:   
Sincerely,   
/[private]/   
[private]  
Attributor, Inc.

*** INFRINGING PAGE OR MATERIAL ***

Infringing page/material that I demand be disabled or removed in consideration of the above:

Rights Holder: American Psychological Association (APA)

Original Work: The utility of set-loss error scores in the general population.

Infringing URL: https://iropovik.github.io/pdf/The%20Utility%20of%20Set-Loss%20Error%20Scores%20in%20the%20General%20Population.pdf
