**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**   
Yes

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**  

URL:- https://github.com/bhanu123pratap/ttt1 
The code repository in the above URL contains factset proprietary system code completely developed & owned by Factset Research Systems Inc. The user who uploaded the repository was working with Factset an year back & is no more with the organization. This is an infringement on Factset's Intellectual property & also poses a great security risk to our systems.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**  

The entire repository should be taken down.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**   
No forks observed on the Rep.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  

This is a factset proprietary work & is not licensed under any open license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**  

No, the entire repository has to be brought down.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**   
We dont have the users contact details, but the github username is bhanu123pratap.   
Full Name:- [private]  

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  

Read.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**   
Mobile :- [private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**   
[private]  
Factset Research Systems Inc.   
Security Operations Center.  
