I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

I am [private], [private] at Bradley Arant Boult Cummings, LLP. I am acting on behalf of my client Simpeo, LLC.

The original copyrighted work includes (1) source code for a proprietary marketing website developed by Simpeo, LLC for use with prospective customers, and (2) source code for a proprietary benefits calculator developed by Simpeo, LLC. The calculator may be seen at https://simpeo.com/. The source code is owned by and proprietary to Simpeo, LLC

The alleged infringer is [private], username DevanB. [private] is a former employee of Simpeo, LLC.

The files to be removed are:   
(1) https://github.com/DevanB/simpeo-marketing-site   
(2) https://github.com/DevanB/simpeo-calculator   
All of these files in each of the above identified repositories should be removed.

The source code provided in each repository is proprietary to Simpeo and has not been previously published. Both repositories should be removed in their entirety. The repository may not be made private or otherwise retained by either GitHub or the alleged infringer, [private].

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

I may be contacted at

Bradley Arant Boult Cummings, LLP   
Attn: [private]  
[private]  
[private]   
[private]  
[private]  

/[private]/   
[private]   
[private]  
Bradley Arant Boult Cummings, LLP
