Dear GitHub:

  Hello

We are Bilibili Security Group.
  
It is nice for us to be able to use a professional and efficient platform like GitHub, but now we have a need to hopefully be able to get GitHub’s attention and support, in solving the undermentioned copyright infringement. I sent the email yesterday with this claim and my signature attached.

We have read and understand GitHub's Guidelines of filing a DMCA Notice.

Someone created a repository called 'openbilibili/go-common' two hours ago. Many people has forked it, cloned it, and reupload the repository, which contained a lot of sensitive information, such as secret keys, database addresses, very important API keys, et cetera. If this information is found by other people on GitHub, our company will be left out of pocket.

The following is GitHub’s URL and screenshot about the aforementioned repository:

[private]

Since the reuploaded repositories contain our company’s important source codes, algorithms, and system configurations, we hope GitHub can help us take these repositories down as soon as possible. We are very much appreciated.
   
The following is our contact information:
    
-   Company Name : Bilibili  
-   My e-mail Address: [private]  
-   Cellphone: [private]    
-   Company Address: [private]   
-   Website: https://www.bilibili.com/

I am in good faith believing that the use and distribution of aforementioned copyrighted materials on the infringing repositories were not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under the penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.



Hoping for your response and thanks again.  
Please help us!!!


