1.Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?

I am authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf.   
The Copyright owner is YGSOFT Inc., and I’m the employee of it.

2. Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.

The original copyrighted work are proprietary source code and images of Mobile Platform Applications owned by YGSOFT Inc. 
The copyrighted work is of highly confidentiality, and never posted online under the authorization of YGSOFT Inc.

3. What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:

The entire repository shall be taken down, and the relevant information is as follows;   
	URL: https://github.com/houweiye/NW-GrisWrokFlow-Server   
	User Name: houweiye   
	Repository Name: NW-GrisWrokFlow-Server

4. Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.

So far, Ihaven’t found any otherforks of the infringing files.

5. Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?

No, the work has not been licensedunder any open source license.

6. What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?

The only solution is to remove the unauthorized uploaded files.   
There is no other specific changeapart from removal.   
The unauthorized uploaded files shall be removed rather than be made private.

7. Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:

There is no any other contact information apart from the user name of the infringer.   
	User Name: houweiye   
	Homepage of the User: https://github.com/houweiye

8. Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

9. Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

10. Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/

Yes, I’ve read the Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice.

11. So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:

I am the employee of YGSOFT Inc., and authorized to acton behalf of it.

Name: [private]   
Phone:[private]   
TEL: [private]  
E-mail: [private]  
Fax: [private]  

Company Name: YGSOFT Inc.   
Service Hotline: [private]  
Website: www.ygsoft.com   
Address: Science and Technology Innovation Coastal Far-sighted Software Park 519085,Zhuhai City, Guangdong Province, China

12. Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:

[private]

Be on Behalf of YGSOFT Inc., Guangdong, China
