**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**   
I represent the company Cargoflux ApS registered in Denmark. We provide a digital shipping platform called Cargoflux that is provided as a Software as a Service (SaaS) on the website https://www.cargoflux.com. We develop this software inhouse and we remain all the right to our proprietary and confidential source code of the web-based application.  
  
**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**   
The work that has been infringed is the full source code of our software platform named Cargoflux. We host the source code of our application from the following private Github repository: [private]. The source code is hosted on the account of our sister company Shape A/S. You may open this repository to verify that the infringing code is in fact a direct copy.   
The full source code for our proprietary and copyrighted application has been unathorizedly published from the following Github repository URL: https://github.com/gold-developer/FluxDev  
  
**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**   
All the files in the repository are direct copies of our copyrighted source code files, thus the entire repository with all files should be taken down immediately. That is all files available at: https://github.com/gold-developer/FluxDev  
  
**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**   
We have searched for other infringing forks but have only found the one repository mentioned above.  
  
**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**   
The infringed works are not licensed under any Open Source licenses and is copyrighted, proprietary and highly confidential. All rights are owned and reserved by Cargoflux ApS.  
  
**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**   
The infringing and confidential content (all files in the mentioned repository) should be removed from the Github platform and any remaining copies that may be stored on other mediums or platforms should be fully removed immediately.  
  
**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**   
We only have the profile URL of the infringer: https://github.com/gold-developer  
  
**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**   
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.  
  
**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**   
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  
  
**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**   
I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice  
  
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**   
You may reach my phone number [private]  
  
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**   
[private]  
