**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?**

I, [private], known online as [private] or [private], am [private] of the Alpha project.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**

The original work is an open-source repository of necessary design files for the construction of a 28-key minimalist mechanical keyboard I called Alpha. The repository is hosted at https://github.com/PyrooL/Alpha.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**

As seen in the linked commit, user minajevs has removed the MIT license from his/her fork of the Alpha project, thereby violating the terms of the MIT license. In the discussion section of this link, I asked minajevs to either revert the commit or delete the fork, and my comment was deleted.  

https://github.com/minajevs/Alpha/commit/278672573c58ffc0b808bebd8d9461ff7fe6bc81

I would like minajevs' fork, hosted at https://github.com/minajevs/Alpha, to be taken down.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

minajevs' fork has not been forked. The fork history of my original repository with minajevs' fork highlighted can be seen here https://github.com/minajevs/Alpha/network/members.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

My work is licensed under the MIT open source license. User minajevs' fork of the Alpha project violates the terms of the MIT license, which requires: `The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.`, as user minajevs removed the license from his or her fork.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Can the repository be made private?**

Restoring the MIT license to minajevs' fork of the Alpha project would be sufficient.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please provide it:**

[private] in [private]  
[private]

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

I have read Github's Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[private]
